 	Concepts
 	Connections between concepts
 	Claim:
 	Or you can think about it like Buffett
 	Or you can do any start-up
 	Proof:
 	Buffett claims they can figure out enough in a subject to know to invest in.
 	If that's not true, so we can't identify start-up good to invest in a thing understanding in the field
 	Understanding in the field !-> Recognition start-up
 	Otherwise - there is no priority to the idea of good -> can I do any idea
 	Actually every business cash flow, so you can check the price of the company whereby and according to the interest rate less the growth.
 	What am I doing with this life?
 	Don't know
 	I want to be a great year.
 	What about?
 	I'd like to write a platform that also allows me to write code, but on the other hand accessible from anywhere.
 	I want an ide in the cloud
 	Truth שהworkplace in the cloud so in reality, I can edit the documents from anywhere.
 	How do I edit documents מהdropbox?
 	So apparently you can
 	Well in the meantime I'm running code, the more problematic to write.
 	I don't know.
 	I think it's slower to write like that.
 	I'd rather dictate, but הקקות listen to it.
 	I can dictate in English, but I think I think too slowly in English.
 	How do I make the morning more productive?
 	I don't know
 	I only in Geror and Facebook
 	Facebook calling an hour and a half
 	Do a lingo half an hour
 	I want to be productive
 	Sometimes I use GarageBand
 	I was writing about politics but it's just not good.
 	I want to make everything I write automatically
 	It shouldn't be very hard to do קלאסיפיקציה לפרגראפים
 	What function is there between phrases and words.
 	Let's say a table, it's a raised surface, how I can attach the vector of the vector of the raised to form a table.
 	Looks like connection should work,
 	Because for example: the king of composed, among others, the memorandum, and if נחסר male, adding a female get a queen.
 	But there are words that are an operator, for example, let's say not male, is it female?
 	So deep Manny.
 	What steps
 	What are the options
 	I want to predict function
 	Kaggle
 	Try to insert the data with added noise.
 	Predict
 	Assumptions:
 	The particle fits through the doorway with epsilon degrees wiggle room
 	This means that the probability that a particle that approaches the (center of the) doorway crosses it is (without the door itself), is epsilon/180
 	The door opens up to 90 degrees to one side only.
 	The door’s mass is negligible (does not change the course of the particle).
 	The probability to cross with the direction of the door:
 	Say there’s epsilon degree in which the ball can pass then the probability of a particle, that goes towards the door, to pass is epsilon/180 (probability that the ball is heading the right direction)
 	The probability to cross against the direction of the door:
 	Say there’s epsilon degree in which the ball can pass then the probability of a particle, that goes towards the door, to pass is epsilon/90 (probability that the door is sufficiently open) times epsilon/180 (probability  that the ball is heading the right direction)
 	In total there’s 90/epsilon times more chance that a particle will cross with the direction of the door than against it.
 	תוכנית ללמוד לראיון מאשין לרנינג
 	חמישה אתרים
 	כל יום לפתור שאלה
 	Repeated courses of Andrew.
 	There are between 100 and 1,000 questions, machine learning, and between 10 to 100 questions language processing
 	A few questions do?
 	I have 4 weeks וקריסמס
 	What do I do Christmas?
 	When I go out to freedom after Christmas?
 	Maybe April for a week.
 	Question every day will amount to 4 Weeks * 5 days, 20 questions.
 	Need to do 5 questions a day to get to 100
 	Question 20 D. " on, that means ~two hours a day.
 	Or you can do a few questions at
 	That should do it
 	It's 20 hours.
 	3 weeks on machine learning week and the last one for processing language.
 	Besides to do the course preparation of Andrew.
 	10~ weeks, every week five hours, I can do a lesson on hard-pressed, or two, or just an hour a day and then take really 10 weeks.
 	What about my project?
 	He is more important.
 	Need to continue to work on.
 	But how much more?
 	Right now, he's not really giving results.
 	Although it looks like there's something there.
 	It's not completely obvious.
 	There's a lot more work.
 	The question of how much work put on it.
 	I also have the option to identify good stock using xgboost
 	There is also the option to move project
 	I just need to decide when enough
 	So for the course of Andrew, if I want to finish by the end of the year, I need to give 50 hours in 4 weeks.
 	That's 12 hours a week, that's 3 hours 4 times.
 	I need to finish two and a half weeks of the week is a lot.
 	What about the project so...
 	I can postpone it a month...
 	But I have to decide when enough
 	I've invested on this project full time, if you include all attempts before (deepmoney)
 	What do I do with all the emails?
 	What with all the bookmarks?
 	What about the missions?
 	I have to think the potential benefit
 	On the one hand, I'm wasting time.
 	On the other hand, what do I do at this time?
 	With all the planning already made the next year.
 	I have 3 things to do per day, 21 per week, half (10) I'm working 5 more I'm working on my stuff, 5 more לשירן.
 	I don't have free time so.
 	Can I change this to 3 to work on Things, 3 free and 4 לשירן
 	I'm going through emails every day on the drive back, I also need to start read article
 	The tasks I need to clean up too.
 	What is there to clean?
 	At work it's a list of tasks, radar, emails and bookmarks
 	In this list of tasks, tasks מאסאנה, emails and bookmarks
 	The fact is that everything should be in one place.
 	Probably something like radar or Asana
 	The problem is that I have component of my own on the radar, there's no missions privacy of my place.
 	ואסאנה it's also not a tool for something,
 	Emails have become missions, and the bookmarks I'm trying to read one a day... one private one's job.
 	The problem is usually " is there in Miles, what something to read before I get to it.
 	Tasks privacy should also hopefully be a tool of Project Management
 	I can give a chance for " the " shot I guess, but I don't think it will replace completely, no emails, not the taskbar and your bookmarks...
 	I don't know what to do with the game.
 	On the one hand I want something that will simulation the real world.
 	On the other hand I want something games
 	One of the more important.
 	I can split the power like you see in the oecd
 	Defense - Military
 	Face - to policing, emergency management, national security, supervision of local governments, conduct of elections, public administration and immigration matter
 	Besides diplomacy, warfare,
 	Culture -
 	Education
 	Health
 	Treasure - of government finance, fiscal policy, and financial regulation
 	And what does anyone do?
 	Maybe it's better to start from the bottom
 	The daily life of a private person
 	Like Sims
 	But more real.
 	I know on average how much is invested in every area
 	How do I not waste my life...
 	What's wasting life?
 	Just doing nothing
 	But that's meditation, no?
 	Not exactly. Meditation probably involves inner examination or something…
 	Actually in meditation I’m supposed to not think of anything, so it’s actually exactly doing nothing.
 	And it’s actually harder than doing something, like playing video games or watching tv.
 	So is watching tv or playing video games wasting time?
 	Wasting is misusing, or not using something useful.
 	Time is useful, because it can be used.
 	So is watching tv and playing video games not useful?
 	If it brings joy, it’s probably not so bad.
 	I guess it’s about looking back and saying that was useful.
 	If I watch tv, after that’s over I look back, how do I feel.
 	So maybe I should say it’s not satisfying.
 	What is satisfaction?
 	I guess in general satisfaction is reaching a threshold.
 	Commonly meant for reaching a threshold of one’s expectation.
 	So if I’m not expecting to get anything, there’s not threshold and anything I do is satisfying.
 	But is that the case? Can I not expect anything? It’s like just waiting to die.
 	What’s missing? What do I expect?
 	Good question.
 	What’s my biggest problem?
 	Lack of freedom. Everyday I have to go to work. I can’t have sex with other women.
 	So do I expect to solve that? Would that satisfy me?
 	For work I can just save enough money that it generate enough to sustain half a family, probably around 500k. It’s going to take ±6 years from now…
 	What do I do with the women part?
 	I can do that behind the back or I can get a divorce?
 	I can just walk the border and go to strip clubs…
 	That’s not complete freedom, but being single might also not be complete freedom.
 	THere’s no such thing as complete freedom.
 	I’ll cross that bridge I guess.
 	If I want to use my time right I need to move further to being free. The problem is that many times that’s not fun. And then I’m wasting time I could use for fun.
 	So what’s more important freedom or fun?
 	I guess both are. That's why I'm dividing my free time in 2, one part for fun (3/21 parts of the week) and one part for work (4/21 parts of the week)
 	So for fun I should only care about fun, not satisfaction. If that's the case I should go to strippers.
 	The problem is that it's expensive. It's ±200$ each time.
 	Looks like video games is the next best, but it's a bit more expensive, so then there's tv, they are pretty much tied.
 	What else?
 	So I'm working now on some projects it seems
 	Have you qordr put care to work on it.
 	Have you deepmoney, I worked on it more than a year without too much results.
 	I can't even find a correlation between a change in price to/e
 	My book to read
 	Documents and thoughts
 	Thoughts and documents
 	So good to have there.
 	What about a book?
 	About what it will be
 	A collection of my thoughts.
 	Why anyone would care about my thoughts?
 	What do I care if anyone cares?
 	I want to leave something.
 	More like my thoughts want to stay.
 	I want to analyze language.
 	How to analyze language?
 	What is the objective?ֿ
 	I have the tree הסינטקטי of court.
 	Did I understand the sentence?
 	Understanding the court if you have the representation of the world that he represents in your head.
 	They show that: the king-man = Queen-a woman.
 	I wonder if this setting also works like this, for example
 	Dictionary = collection+words+מבוארות
 	It makes some sense because it adds all the sentences that appeared in them the word collection of sentences that appeared to them the word of words and the collection of justice with מבוארות
 	Time Management
 	00:00-08:00 : Sleep
 	08:00-09:00 : Breakfast + Facebook
 	09:00-09:30 : learning French
 	09:30-10:00 : meditation
 	10:00-11:30 : reading
 	11:30-12:00 : Transport
 	12:00-20:00 : Work
 	20:00-20:30 : Transport
 	20:30-21:30 : Errands (Groceries, Workout, Overtime)
 	21:30-22:30 : Supper + TV Show
 	22:30-23:30 : Facebook
 	23:30-00:00 : Shower
 	Work - 8h
 	Sleep - 8h
 	Facebook/TV show+Food - 3h
 	Learning (reading/french) - 2h
 	Transport - 1h
 	Errands - 1h
 	Meditation - 0.5h
 	Shower - 0.5h
 	Work
 	12:00-13:00 : Emails/Radars
 	13:00-14:00 : Lunch
 	14:00-16:00 : Burning Issues
 	16:00-18:00 : Regular bug fixing
 	18:00-19:00 : Personal project
 	19:00-20:00 : Reading list/Following up
 	Ways to win:
 	2 & >=11 -> 1
 	2 & 2 -> 2
 	3 -> 3
 	All adjacent -> 4
 	Same shape -> 6
 	3 & 2 -> 9
 	4 -> 25
 	All adjacent & same shape -> 50
 	Same shape & >=10 -> 800
 	4 shapes
 	13 numbers
 	For each combination:
 	Calculate distance to win + odds for each win for each selection for holding (4!+3!+2!+1!+0!)
 	Royal Flush
 	Straight Flush
 	Four
 	4 to Royal Flush
 	Full House
 	Flush
 	Three
 	Straight
 	4 to Straight Flush
 	Double pair
 	High pair
 	3 to Royal Flush
 	4 to Flush
 	Low pair
 	4 to Straight
 	3 high
 	2 high
 	1 high
 	3 to Straight Flush
 	Nothing
 	I'd like, instead of writing here, the reporter where I can also write in code, and run it.
 	I can write בגיטלאב the fact is that the
 	But I don't know how to fix it.
 	I can write there.
 	Don't know if בעיברית
 	Too bad there's no user interface normal, I can also do it without internet, but I guess you can always get. web, it is becoming like electricity and water.
 	What
 	So What would I eat, if I would eat outside?
 	Lunch:
 	Intelligence
 	All brains think the same way, patterns of space and time, all senses are just picking up changes in the environment and pass them through the nerves, whether it is light, so there's a nerve that picks up if there's more or less light, if it's sound then there's a nerve that picks up the frequency of the sound, if that amount of food in the stomach that affects hunger, everything is the patterns of changes in space and time, and patterns are connected to each other, the input cat יתאפיין ears pointed, the sound of "meow" and even without feeling it, we'll know fur his pleasant to caress, But the foundation of it all is that patterns of changes in space-time, all the time there is a transfer of information (multiple we ignore, the changes are the ones that usually catch the attention.
 	Those templates are maintained in memory but in a special way,
 	Memory is saved in a row in particular, you can't see the complete picture right, you can just remember in the process, like a song, character to character, detail, detail, every time idea.
 	Memory complementary patterns, he receives information and completes it alone, according to the input
 	What matters in the patterns obtained, is not input exact but the relationship between the Celts, when we recognize a person, we don't recognize just who has eyes and a nose, we also recognize the distance between the eyes הפרופוציה, and אםנסתצכל him from a different direction in a different light we notice that it's the same person,
 	Intelligence is the ability of prediction of the brain, the ability to consummate the self-esteem of the template הנקלטת, the brain all the time. complementary patterns of his input, and tries לנבה according to the memory of the past, the continuation of the input, what is he supposed to pick up, thinking significant sustained only when there is an exception to the template desired, (so built, for example humour, as soon as coming out from the thought of ordinary, the surprise brings us laugh, as a form of recognition of the thrill we experienced), our memory also rules about behavior, behavior is a result of prediction of what should occur first, we picture the action, and the body in response to Operation
 	Action is the cortex
 	Cortex consists of six layers, שאינפורמציה was running up ובמורדן, she rises upwards, ומנפה the insipid, to reach surgery maximum, and it drops down form of feedback, to predict its expectation, the completion of the current pattern, and thus she checks herself, if there's a new thing, if you have to learn, or what the situation is obvious and familiar, האמשוב can also go down the areas התנועתיים of cortex and thus set the appropriate course of action to the template current.
 	Each area in the cortex operates in a quite the same, he recognizes the pattern in the input current and passes it on, while eliminating the details, least important, to any pattern or series of, group of organs he keeps a representation or give a name, it he's moving on.
 	The hierarchy in the cortex represents the world, the logic is actually induction ודדוקציה, understanding the pattern, or relationship between things, building a whole from parts, והדדוקציה, separating the entire לחלקיו, understanding about the detail of the rule.
 	In the lower layer, all the input came directly from the מהקולטנים, neural, namely the senses, when there is Celts they get together, they continue on together next layer, this creates a generalization between them, next time come to just part of מהקלטים that are supposed to appear together, is the cortex already knew alone to complete the picture, and every time שהקלטים these appear again and again together, the connections are strengthened, and the ability prediction, our costs, grouping the Celts together, he's actually naming or conceptualizing of the phenomenon, like LAX and connecting the input of the stem with leaves gives the concept of a tree, Or a number of sounds gives the concept of the tune, as soon as שהניבוי wrong, there is a need to investigate the matter, to dismantle components or looking for different formats
 	The action is part of thinking, she just continued processing through the nerves related to the location the body at any given moment, for example when out of the corner of the eye, we have a sense of the growing fast I mean approaching, instinctively we protect ourselves from this direction, because we already know the pattern that says that if a bone was approaching me rapidly, it's likely that it's going to hurt, but also פעלולת not instinctual facts in a similar manner
 	Gestalt psychology, a sense of arrival to the conclusion stems from the moment in the pattern corresponding to input data, when like a puzzle. everything settles in place
 	Learning is carried out so that at each stage of the processing is done in the levels at the most bottom of the cortex, for example speech, at first the separation of the syllables is the main of the cortex, later the separation of the words, imitating words, and building sentences, etc., so שבבגרות, separating syllables already carried out with input almost
 	Short-term memory, new memory, in the hippocampus, when there is input that does not fit any pattern, O is stored in the hippocampus for the purpose of immediate use, but if you don't need it, he will be lost as soon as that information New like this would come.
 	To the thalamus comes the information that there is a need to focus on at that moment.
 	Intelligence is actually the ability to prediction and the memory, and she exists since the beginning of life, as and reciprocal basic of the cell, separated from the outside, but picking him for information and is using it (for breeding, for food...)
 	The next step was the ability to change more during the life of the capabilities of prediction and the memory, I mean he is not the genetic payload only if affected by the environment.
 	Ability to last is the ability to create concepts , or names as an alternative to learning direct, it is התיקשורתהידועה certain types of animals, but performed in a way so much stronger than in men.
 	Creativity is openness to the patterns, I mean experience repeated to understand existing templates or undermine them, when we're not bound to the template, we do not work in stereotypes and able to come to an entirely new approach to keep.
 	Awareness is actually the total memories ההצהרתיים, המומשגים with us, I mean things we can talk about them, if will erase a man's memory of a certain day, I mean bring the mind into exact it was the day before, then be sure that the day was not held at all, he feels that was not aware of his actions the previous day, although when I did them was aware of it completely,
 	Consciousness is the ability to focus or tune into certain things, free will.
 	Imagination, is the templates that we create in our heads, even when there is no full picture we are able to complete בדימיוננו, and when we're just thinking about know certain, we're able to get to him details like existed.
 	So how do I fix those files?
 	I need to split them to paragraphs
 	And then to categorize by subjects.
 	How do I find subjects?
 	The word in the most less common paragraph בדכ speaks on the subject.
 	And how I'm gathering topics?
 	According to imagination, is it possible to do this with vectors?
 	Hello what's up?
 	What about you?
 	That is the question as general as possible to Ask Man.
 	Or in English, how are you, how are you
 	What the way you are.
 	I'm a little frustrated.
 	I need to work about 15 years to be free.
 	Shiran annoying me in that she can't do anything by herself, and the fact that she grew up to her belly.
 	What else
 	I'm working on this project trying to find a way to predict stock.
 	I need data for that, but he costs $ 150.
 	I can simulate the amount of data to see if he can predict, for instance only using the p/e
 	I have a fuckload of work to do at work, and a little time.
 	I want a new computer, but it's about 1000 euros.
 	Knowledge is power because information is energy.
 	Information is the lack of אנתרופיה, which is just energy given to the realization of
 	So knowledge is the realization of the energy.
 	Like that power is the exercise of energy (derived ההאנרגיה by place)
 	If you look at history as a collection flips a coin on side one good side and two bad.
 	So the fact is that life yeah פייריים
 	How can there be more non-rational, but between any two rational
 	Suppose that there were only 10 digits.
 	I mean בבינארית the highest number was 1111111111
 	Let's say we only look at the 5th digit first
 	1111100000 and 1111100010 are the same for us.
 	What are the chances that we have fallen short on a number of not repeated at 4-digit last
 	Options for return are
 	0000
 	1111
 	0011
 	1100
 	0101
 	1010
 	All the arrangement options are 2 at 4 : 16
 	I mean, the ratio is about one-third between "rational" to"irrational"
 	For any n digits there are 2 n choices, and sequences of 1 to n/2 (gotta get back עלצמו at least twice.)
 	I mean we have 2 on i options when i between 1 and n/2 this geometric series the amount of which
 	2^(n/2+1)-1/(2^1-1) ~= 2^(n/2+1)
 	The difference between the amounts is about 2 In n
 	The ratio between the amounts is roughly 2 n/2
 	When n/2 this is the same order of magnitude as n
 	To be with one woman. that's as close as you can get to being alone.
 	The world is divided by continents:
 	Europe, North America, Australia (South America) - Western culture (sub-culture. Latin-South America)
 	Africa - Black
 	India - Indian
 	Asia - Chinese (there's also the Russia she's half Asian, half European)
 	The Middle East - Arabs and Jews
 	Need to do the geometric mean, because the end result is the product of the values
 	But what match for standard deviation
 	If replacing the amount of double וכפל the presumed fracture.
 	So, for standard deviation:
 	std(x) = sum ((x_i-e(x))^2))^1/2
 	std+(x) = (mult(x_i/e(x)^^2))^^½
 	What's that ^^
 	If * is a strong **
 	Product it ++
 	Multiply the x in y is to add x to himself y times.
 	Raise x to the power y is to multiply x by himself. y times.
 	To raise x to a power twice of y is to raise x to the power itself. y twice.
 	But what is it to multiply by a fraction?
 	What is it to raise power of fraction?
 	Maybe it's just better to do the accounts on the log of the percentage changes
 	Need to make a website you can order it surveys
 	And he really makes the polls of the most popular
 	To order your survey should answer the survey
 	To see the survey should answer the survey
 	Instead of the lake, answer the survey
 	But it must be with distribution represents of the civilian population
 	To begin with I don't know why I'm writing.
 	Who would read it?
 	I need a orderly more. and then maybe write a book.
 	Money
 	Make more money than those who contribute more.
 	Let's say you have a certain amount of money you get, then as far as splitting part of a larger donation so that the next sum will be bigger.
 	People still consume now, because we have to, but less,
 	We can't have this to normalize the distribution of income.
 	The problem is it requires a central system, and it never works.
 	Maybe if the system will be free by the hand of Man, and there will be a place for corruption, so it's going to work.
 	Perhaps computing can do it, a system like bitcoin.
 	Maybe it's a normal distribution
 	Right now the distribution is not normal.
 	Communism distribution as normal a function. Delta. (you can write function Delta כנורמל with the standard deviation to zero.)
 	Index Genie aspire to communism, just כשלכולם income equal, the slope of הגראף fixed
 	For the normal distribution the slope goes.... and load, until the middle, and then fade away, because decrease in the amount of people fading fast. משהסכום costs (income rises linearly וההפלגות decays exponentially)
 	In capitalism the incline only goes up, income rises faster than the משההתפלגות is winding down.
 	Is it not due directly מקפיטליזם?
 	If I give a free market, can I predict how תתפלג income?
 	Each one takes a raw material and turned it into something, and earns the difference between how much it had cost him a few that he sells.
 	Most of the raw including the talent on his own, the price is determined by supply and demand.
 	If it is rare and in demand his price is higher.
 	Let's say a world just
 	There are only 2 products and two people, one produces food Two produces clothes.
 	They can agree simply that one made both the food and the two will provide the clothes.
 	It is possible to determine that the food production equivalent to production of clothes, and then they just replaced the product after working the same amount of time.
 	The problem begins when there are fewer types of products from consumers, because so product specific that can dominate the market and get the monopoly, then the capital is concentrated in one place, on the Little People.
 	For example: housing, communication, Money (Bank), food, transportation,
 	It's actually almost everything.
 	Housing everyone wants to live in Tel Aviv
 	The media actually put a contest (there's still only 3 big companies)
 	Money there are 3 big banks.
 	Food has about a one friend type of food.
 	Transportation there are also relatively few companies (and huge)
 	It also stems from the fact that we're a herd, tend to gather around one product.
 	Paradox Fermi -
 	If in the order of magnitude of millions of years, we are supposed to take over the entire universe, given that he's available.
 	So every culture had sprung a billion years that were already listed, this is supposed to happen in a million years. those, a low chance for collision between such events
 	Chance that May two life forms in times, is like a chance you take 10 corn seeds and blast the first one will be of both nuclei simultaneously.
 	For 100 seeds the chance of two explode together is low (rarely happens) and the difference between 2.5 thin one-tenth of a second of explosion is much lower מאלפית
 	Actually the ratio is quite the same, I have 100 cores and 600 tenths of a second in 1 minute, and 10000 Stars match and the difference between a million a billion is 1000
 	Chance just the first of about 10000 explosions will be of two is not high, because this happens about one to 10
 	(Ten million years, out of a billion that everyone is "blown" at first, exploding every second, roughly, it means a chance of 1 to 10 ,it's about quantity, so maybe it's about 50 50)
 	If מיניחים normal distribution it's like measuring 10,000 men, and that both the lowest will be on the same millimeter, or the highest
 	Surely the chance of this bet low odds to take just two people out of the range where elevations closer (around the average)
 	And around the average chance is low, so sure he's lower on the edges
 	No matter how many people there are, the chance I'd pick two of the same height is nothing.
 	Although with 10000 at the 1000 it's supposed to be quite common. Chance that won't happen the second point, is that every teen will do individually.
 	If there are enough (say 10^10) so it's likely שהנמוכים most the same height, because most people would be at the same height, then they split within a range of meters, but still the chance of שקחת two average exactly the same height. he's against me,
 	Okay because it's not true it's not like the two to choose the same height, it's the prospect of having someone the same height for someone random, and the chances that high in the area around the average when a lot of people.
 	In this world there's a billion and the chances that low, there's Someone sure of my height, but hessian of the lowest probably alone there, in most competitions the result מתפלגת normal, והשיאן is one of the most Guinness Book of World Records, they of side שמתפלגות normal, and there is almost always have Xian one, and it is likely that they represent the human beings, if there was someone better he must have been trying, most people (at least in the western half) know the Guinness Book of World Records
 	Conclusion chances are, there are no aliens.
 	Voila
 	Puzzle:
 	Or whom the sum, or difference of other two.
 	He knows that if one says 65 other X ולשלישי registered
 	Y = 65+/-X
 	Two see 65 and Y
 	Third See 65 and X
 	Suppose
 	Y = 65 + X
 	It can't be that X=65, Y can't be 130
 	It can't be that X = Y
 	I want a situation where
 	Y = 65 - X
 	Cannot exist, i.e. Y=X
 	It's not gonna happen.
 	Suppose
 	Y = 65 - X
 	And then you have a situation where
 	Y = 65 + X
 	Can't exist, because Y=X
 	Also it's not gonna happen.
 	Extracting tags automatically
 	Any issue getting tags
 	That way we can know what mostly I write
 	You can also divide the tags into groups, to see the topics, areas and disciplines
 	It takes to find a hierarchy between tags, proximity between words.
 	Why do I have אינפוט?
 	My brain is constantly processing it just is static His, there's a steady flow of energy to the brain, and if there is no אינפוט he
 	array X
 	map filter reduce : f(X)
 	map: f:x^n -> x^n [f(x) for x in X] change values (edit values)
 	filter: f: x^n -> x^m X’ in X change quantity (delete values)
 	reduce: f: x^n -> x f(X) change values & quantity
 	Maybe it's all about Don't be a sucker.
 	My dad is Turkish, he had the nuts and bolts of this sucker, don't be a sucker.
 	And my mom's polish, she doesn't know what it's like to be a sucker.
 	It's kind of a ששירן keep in touch with X
 	She was never cool with it I'll stay in touch with your ex-girlfriend.
 	No way...
 	Let's face it there way they would just have to stay.
 	I just got into a situation...
 	Like Don't bother me.
 	A little disturbing, obviously.
 	Because a girl that keeps in touch with ex, then you probably have something there.
 	Man, what's he care to keep in touch with ex-girlfriends....
 	And more than that, she too is facing him....
 	ססעמק
 	Annoying
 	Like for me to go with him.
 	I will get off
 	Just bothers the ego.
 	She'd prefer him.
 	Section
 	I don't have too much what to do.
 	It's her decision.
 	I'm not going to decide what to do.
 	As I wasn't expecting her to tell me what to do.
 	It's one thing if I could also keep in touch with ex-girlfriends.
 	But I have no
 	I was showing her how it looks from the side.
 	Maybe that's why monogamy?
 	Once when we lived in small communities, ex-boyfriends was really אישיו
 	You couldn't just say goodbye and that's it.
 	You're still going to see the man win.
 	Look at who they are now.
 	They will see you.
 	You will always be there, and they will always be there.
 	So monogamy a little preemptive on the situation.
 	What a long word for something simple.
 	Perhaps a better event, or situation.
 	Well I don't know
 	I don't have to think about this.
 	Allowed the person from cattle?
 	Using words, the person is capable of shrink information,
 	Instead of a picture that takes up a lot of space, a person can save the information as a word, that takes up very little room,
 	So a person has more information in my head, and he has more energy.
 	A word can make a bomb explode ("fire!")
 	Is there a limit לשקילות between information Energy?
 	Maybe a word only allows routing energy,
 	She's not exactly creating energy, but she's able to release energy.
 	I need to order
 	Distributed rough you can write:
 	Money
 	Medicine
 	Food
 	Transportation
 	Residential
 	(Apparel)
 	Entertainment
 	Information
 	Subconscious mind paying attention to what is most disturbing (?)
 	Can't be aware of something positive?
 	Is when I'm glad I'm aware of?
 	Information:
 	What / who
 	Where / when? (Place / time)
 	Why / how? (Cause / way)
 	What
 	I want to get information.
 	What's bothering me?
 	I don't have passive income
 	What's going on?
 	It's all good
 	So what are you telling?
 	Don't know
 	I'm not doing with myself.... nothing.
 	Just looking for strippers....
 	As if all that guides us is sex?
 	It's probably a lot of it.
 	We can measure
 	Perhaps if I deliver it enough so my head was clear for other things?
 	But what's the solution? Go to a stripper?
 	Why it's different from bringing in hand?
 	So, what escorts?
 	You can check it out.
 	I can also do real sex with the woman.
 	But it's like the appetite is for something else or something.
 	Because what matters is the change
 	And there is no change
 	Don't know
 	So leave
 	What else?
 	I don't know what to do with my projects.
 	I feel like I don't know how to manage your time.
 	I need something that will give me just what I need to do at any moment.
 	Type of scheduler, scheduler
 	And then I have to think Do I need to write an app for that?
 	And then I started to look at things that make scripts for apps
 	האסאנה this makes me feel uncomfortable.
 	So why not just use the Google Sheets?
 	I can already to export what I have there.
 	What's missing there?
 	Representation graphic half power.
 	No נוטיפיקיישנס
 	Just too באסאנה representation graphic half power.
 	Then I started looking for Project Management Open Source
 	Have you Tugga
 	I was glad to be able to write apps
 	I can try בפלאסק
 	Or use ipython
 	Although he is not a great phone.
 	What else?
 	No more
 	I don't know.
 	I feel like I'm just wasting my time.
 	I don't have a purpose.
 	Like important to me to reach financial freedom.
 	But I need to limit how much I give of it.
 	I can use a method of credits.
 	And divide the time according to how much credit each assignment.
 	It's like reverse prefer
 	Priority, lower is more important.
 	Credit higher. that's more important.
 	I can make it with the inverse double
 	1/x
 	And then what he's priority 1, credit 1
 	What he priority two have credit 0.5
 	3 - 0.333
 	4 - 0.25
 	Although if I had to choose manual, if priority 1 I'd give 100 credits, Level 2 I'd give half of it?
 	Maybe
 	ולעדיפות 3 thirds?
 	Or an eighth?
 	Good
 	So what's most important to me?
 	Economic independence?
 	Maybe I need to talk to if some guy is a money manager, an accountant.
 	Right now according to my math, if I put aside 50 every year (right now it's more like 40 because of the rent)
 	I'm supposed to be out another 6-7 years, if I make 8% on the money.
 	Because then I'm up to 625k
 	And I get 50k a year is a little more than 4 month, it's completely cool.
 	So if it happens, so what am I doing in the meantime?
 	I need to do something in the meantime?
 	This year I'm probably going to the Blues, because tax returns and stuff.
 	I pay full tax.
 	One-third of what I make.
 	The question of whether to maximize the 401k
 	In reality, I don't think I can put there any more.
 	Or I can, and then build on tax returns
 	Big the best thing I can do right now to the bottom line, it's my move.
 	Buena Malibu lease is in the tens of thousands
 	What else can I do?
 	To try to manage the tax
 	There are 3 ingredients:
 	How much do I put in
 	How much I spend
 	How much tax do I pay
 	All the rest is savings.
 	If I increases income, reduces expenses, reduces the tax, I improves my situation.
 	I'm getting more than a third, והמס about a third
 	Maybe I'll consult with the RO report
 	Besides, it also has the ability to bring really 8% yield net
 	Bendall, " the estate I can get 10 properties, if any one brings 200$ it's already half of what I need.
 	And at$ 20k a piece, it's 200k
 	I just need to double it.
 	If in real, " the estate really I do 12%, I'm free in 3,4 years.
 	It's amazing
 	How does it work?
 	At the end of this year I have 160k I can buy with 8 properties all-in-one 20k to put 200 as "a take all the" C. 1600
 	Month,
 	Next year I'm saving 50 and earns 200*12*8=~20k, total, " I, C 70 I can buy 3 more properties, so please I need duplexes), bring another 600
 	A year after, I'm saving 50, and earns 200*12*11=26k, get them on the " about 76 I buy another 4 properties (two duplexes), bring another 800
 	A year later, saves 50 and earns 200*12*15=36k, get them on the " about 86k buy another 4 properties, another 800, and I finished
 	And a free man in three years.
 	What fun it can be.
 	It's through real estate, " the estate
 	Maybe I should check out what's going on with the employment of הגורוס
 	Well they said June.
 	Nothing for sure.
 	Anyone can throw out numbers.
 	4 properties a year, in 5 years I'm free (or two duplexes)
 	A dream
 	If you don't, but I can't get 8% in the stock market, I'm free another 6-7 years, that the difference was not significant.
 	Don't know if it's 8% of the market, because I'm part of a bug report that's nothing to yield
 	If a bug report is 2% and capital market is 8%, so actually distributed 75% -25% I get
 	8*0.75+2*0.25=6.5
 	Then I'm free another 8-9 years.
 	Well,
 	But how much time of my life I need to invest?
 	Like worst case, it looks like I'll be okay another 8-9 years.
 	I can cut it in half with investment good in " the estate
 	It's great
 	But how much free time it's worth
 	Why not invest in what really interests me, it's processing a natural language in the meantime.
 	Because is it really what interests me?
 	What I want to do with it?
 	I want to build a chat bot?
 	What can you do with it?
 	I'm dealing with במאשין Learning Annex is that because he can do everything at the end.
 	So, what with reading the reports?
 	What if he can read Wikipedia, and answer any question?
 	What about something with the use of economic?
 	What if he be a lawyer?
 	Or if you can read financial reports?
 	But maybe there should be a simple task. more
 	What with reading comprehension
 	Read the text and answer the questions.
 	Okay, and why use it?
 	Okay, so I'm here.
 	What now?
 	Can I come in to do one round.
 	Twenty-della
 	But I need to get for it.
 	What about dinner?
 	Don't know if critical.
 	Right now
 	What now?
 	I have no idea.
 	I didn't drink water today.
 	All a hot drink takes a drink cold.
 	And go to some club?
 	No one is calling you in.
 	So how do you get in?
 	Why go in?
 	Like alone it's not to the point.
 	Well I don't know
 	So, what now?
 	Need to look at everything for what it's worth, according to yield current
 	So if the return current is 6.5% so for example the value of the rent is 3000:0.065=550k
 	That's a lot of
 	I just need another 200k to stop working.
 	And I have more than half of it.
 	So what I'm doing.
 	Don't know
 	What I want to do?
 	You don't have to do anything.
 	What are you doing?
 	Sex?
 	A thing that I don't have something that I want to do...
 	Maybe it's temporary.
 	Maybe there just isn't anything.
 	What with the artificial intelligence?
 	Could it be something like that.
 	Yes
 	Now?
 	Not
 	Soon?
 	Sure
 	How?
 	Could it be an artificial intelligence, without having to Turing?
 	I'm not sure
 	Could be the opposite.
 	Just if you have to create artificial intelligence, we can ask him to pass the Turing
 	Could be he's not going to
 	But he has Intelligence.
 	Can be
 	How do you get there?
 	I can try to build such a thing, he makes contact with people.
 	Ambition is as much interaction without telling him he's a robot.
 	I need some kind of chat rules like that.
 	Like irc
 	There must be some
 	And api
 	Although it's not signal enough I guess
 	I need chat bot that makes learning reinforcement
 	I think I cut home.
 	So, basically, you can train your robot to answer questions.
 	And Bush only he has he answers questions.
 	And if he doesn't know the answer he's looking for her.
 	The problem is that most of the questions are personal.
 	Information doesn't "outside in," but are "inside" the
 	That he can get from other people.
 	Wallach didn't know.
 	Tango is going to die.
 	Of cancer.
 	Stomach
 	How a dog gets stomach cancer?
 	All of my grandparents had cancer.
 	I guess I would be if anything doesn't kill me first...
 	I spend full of my life at work right now.
 	All the time chasing agendas.
 	I need to plan the agendas instead.
 	I'm sure I can spare a day a week like that.
 	Day לבלתמים or projects personal
 	I have tasks, radar, emails and calendar
 	Best if I could have one of everything.
 	The fact is that everything has to do through the radar, won best set.
 	If it's not a task of the same moment, worth to have radar.
 	The arrangement of information according to:
 	According to ties - clustering
 	Hierarchical
 	Why cutting it and (and) and or (or)
 	That and it's, say, out of all leave he this and this, and leave it and that.
 	It's either that, say, out of everything, keep what he or it or it or both, and leave one or the other.
 	A&B : {x: x in A and x in B}
 	not {x: x in A or x in B}
 	A|B : {x: x in A or x in B}
 	not : {x: x in A and not in B} or {x: x in B and not in A} but not both
 	A|B ~= A+B
 	A&B ~= A*B
 	לאידע
 	אלגוטרייד
 	The direction of investments פאנדמנטליות
 	Analyze deep data.
 	To do גיימיפיקציה
 	Have to target to small tasks
 	Recursively
 	Until you get the action workable by one run
 	So basically for any purpose:
 	Division missions.
 	A weight to each task.
 	For example:
 	House cleaning
 	Arrangement - 10
 	Services - 30
 	Kitchen, 30's.
 	Bedroom - 10
 	Living room - 10
 	Arrangement
 	Services - 25
 	Kitchen - 25
 	Bedroom - 25
 	Living room - 25
 	And so on
 	So for a million dollars.
 	Start-up - 32
 	Work - 40
 	Start-up
 	דיפמוני
 	Job
 	Save 8000 shekels a month
 	Earn 4% a year.
 	I need to find an investment property
 	Maybe I can use some api
 	I need to add information of the increase in the value of the apartment
 	I need to communicate with agents.
 	Best if I can get מ-realtor.com the information about rent חציונית and the price of an apartment חציוני for all regions in America.
 	To do the calculation I need
 	Price apartment - zillow
 	Rent - zillow
 	Vacancy rate - factfinder
 	Expenses - factfinder
 	Tax
 	Repairs
 	Insurance
 	Increase in the value of - zillow
 	Talk to the agents.
 	Talk with the bank.
 	How to buy a cell?
 	Comparing the specs
 	What I'm looking for:
 	A big monitor
 	Good CPU
 	Memory internal good.
 	4G
 	Battery normal.
 	(Chipset)
 	(Operating system)
 	Without פאקים
 	Best price you can.
 	Look at the criteria to see I haven't forgotten criteria
 	Meet Joe!
 	There's nothing Joe loves more than food!
 	There's nothing Joe hates more than waiting for food!
 	Hi We're Qordr!
 	We make QR codes that direct customers to your menu!
 	Don’t let your customers wait for a menu, let them scan for the menu on their phones!
 	Here’s how it works:
 	1.    Place the QR code on the table.
 	2.    The customer sees the QR code, and scans it.
 	3.    The customer gets your menu directly to their phone!
 	That’s it!
 	Your customers are happy!
 	The waiters are happy!
 	You are happy!
 	Let’s turn Joe into a happy Joe!
 	What am I doing with my life.
 	I want to do a simulation of reality.
 	Can we maybe start behavior of one person.
 	Although that one man is less predictable. a lot of people.
 	How to do simulation of a lot of people.
 	Maybe I should just write it in a more convenient
 	So I was talking on the phone if I didn't know listening in.
 	It's a bit annoying
 	Need to check this part.
 	Maybe worth to report about it.
 	Violation of privacy
 	Anyway until then.
 	I'm writing like this.
 	Simulation from the top down.
 	מההסתכלות high, GDP on, say, the details that compose it
 	I actually never figured out what ingredient it.
 	Might be worth a look
 	Need to read
 	It represents the amount of product in a particular place
 	The product that some makes the body subject
 	It consists of private consumption, public investment, and exports less imports
 	50k
 	For a 100k house
 	10% of rent
 	1% insurance
 	1% tax
 	What am I doing?
 	I need to prepare to the interview
 	I want to keep going with the project
 	Options:
 	Learn statistics on Khan academy
 	Do NLP interview questions
 	Work on project
 	Investigate failures
 	What else?
 	Still need to wait those 6 years…
 	Damn
 	6 frickin years…
 	I have to take advantage of the time…
 	How?
 	What do you want to do?
 	Sex, drugs…
 	What else?
 	What do you enjoy?
 	No idea…
 	Fly?
 	You tell me
 	What do I do 6 years now?
 	Soon we might have a baby, so there goes my free time…
 	For 5 years…
 	Transcription
 	What am I doing with my life.
 	I'd love to Hofit
 	She's stolen.
 	What else
 	I want to go לברנינג from
 	But I don't know if it's gonna happen.
 	Don't stick there in the horse power.
 	I want that my bank will finally
 	I could not have to work.
 	Do what comes to me.
 	Now, suppose I don't need to go to work.
 	What do I do?
 	Travel?
 	Doing electronic music?
 	Politics?
 	Wikinews
 	It's amazing
 	Deep learning
 	This is don't know what else.
 	I play a game המעאפן this every day.
 	It's nonsense.
 	I need to replace it in the game of project.
 	Right now I'm using gitlab
 	I can connect wrike or jira with gitlab or bitbucket
 	What else
 	What I'm doing.
 	I spent the last night on just dinner.
 	I drank too much and pain in my head all day.
 	Just a waste of a day
 	Goal: to be the center of gravity of the group.
 	You have a quantity of credit and you need to determine who you give it away.
 	For example, for three players:
 	If the other two giving each other the more The King lost.
 	The goal is that both will give you more
 	You can also give to yourself.
 	You need to give you the most.
 	Everyone is trying to get to this point.
 	So it's actually investing more in weak, not threatening you.
 	On the other hand you don't want just the support of the weak.
 	Because it is also important how strong supporting you.
 	You want to be the most valuable by a vector self
 	Do you want to be the first to בpage rank
 	Also, that way, everyone want.
 	For three players:
 	There's a matrix of 3*3
 	You set one line to maximize the הpage rank your
 	How works הpage rank?
 	You take the vector self to value myself 1, because it is the solution of the steady state.
 	For two:
 	Av=v
 	a11*v1+a12*v2=v1
 	(1-a11)v1+(1-a12)v2=v2
 	a11*v1+a12(1-v1)=v1
 	a12=(1+a12-a11)v1
 	a12/(1+a12-a11))=v1
 	a12=0.5*(1+a12-a11)
 	a12+a11)=1
 	pole: 1+a12=a11 -> a11=1, a12=0
 	According to this, each player is better just to invest in himself.
 	There is no assurance that an investment in someone else will help
 	It's like a gift:
 	You're giving hope
 	A
 	I don't have power life.
 	Don't know why.
 	I'm actually in a pretty good promise in terms of the project.
 	I believe I can do more than 12%, if I'm working with new
 	I also maybe can do it if I'm working with xgboost for information פאנדמנטלי
 	But that's not what bothers me.
 	I'm not happy socially
 	I don't love the Shiran
 	I'm not crazy about "the crow" is here.
 	Itzik kinda bothers me to blend in, because he's speaking Hebrew
 	I guess you could handle it.
 	At work, in the meantime, cool, but I'm afraid I don't really go through staff at the end of the project...
 	What's most bothering me. I guess this is Shauna...
 	She's taking me energy, and I think I'm her.
 	I don't have the strength to return home...
 	I don't know if it's specific לשירן
 	I guess that all one had created problems for me
 	I'm less attracted to her now.
 	She's a little raised
 	But who would replace her?
 	Sivan, not
 	These? She has a child, it's devastating, but probably sex wouldn't be something
 	But this is true for every woman after pregnancy. I also don't know if she's into it.
 	Who else?
 	חבלשית of Isaac, not
 	Hofit? I don't know, some stolen, and not out of line, but I don't know if it's that bad, also don't know if she's interested.
 	Maybe the problem is monogamy...
 	What can I do?
 	Go to strippers?
 	I don't know...
 	What it helps me to write all this?
 	I need mvp
 	All I need is to download all the information daily, and to run on her predictions
 	I can mess improvements wait
 	What else?
 	How's your fucking day
 	סססעמק
 	Makes me want to die
 	And I don't know why.
 	It's hard with life bastards
 	They're not even that stinky.
 	But that's how it feels
 	How do I change this shit
 	Why suffering.
 	Why depression
 	What can I do?
 	Meditation?
 	I would go back home to take a shit, but Shauna might be there.
 	If I get 12% אשרייני
 	The problem is that I don't include taxes and inflation.
 	If inflation is 2%, and taxes, and 20% of the profit, so to get to 10% I need to make
 	I = (10+2)/.8=15%
 	Because then I make 12 after tax, are worth 10 after lowering inflation.
 	7 -> after inflation 5 -> after Number 4
 	12 -> after inflation 10 -> after Number 8
 	17 -> 15 -> 12
 	22 -> 20 -> 16
 	So for the 10 I need something like 15 (14.5)
 	It's depressing...
 	What decisions for the next year?
 	Guitar - 3 times a week 20 min each
 	Bible study - once a week 20 min each
 	Physical training - twice a week 20 min each
 	To get into Google
 	Or לפינטק - 300k
 	To get a yield of 10%:
 	Real estate, " the estate
 	Once a month מיטאפ - three hours
 	Once a year, buying property
 	Surgery offer.
 	Did you get insurance - two hours.
 	Did you get a loan.
 	Compare prices
 	4 hours
 	Signatures
 	8 hours
 	Documents
 	4 hours
 	Did you get a manager an asset.
 	4 hours
 	Work on a project.
 	To see how yields work of a month.
 	If a month is not yielding progress, abandoned.
 	But if there's already potential, a shame to throw away don't you?
 	Yes, you can take advantage of the potential and move on to another project, isn't it?
 	Anyway there's a lot of time in a year, you can work on 3-4 projects in my opinion
 	Vipassana
 	3-4 courses.
 	Language processing
 	Machine learning
 	Arabic?
 	Kaggle - 3-4 challenges.
 	Stop addictions
 	Then I'll finish הקורסי deep learning, I finished my courses to the real estate
 	What now?
 	I need to find a good investment Realty attorney
 	I need to continue to work on the project as soon as I have more knowledge בrnn
 	What do Realty attorney?
 	Look at the forums
 	Go למיטאפים
 	Find maybe a good book.
 	Look at the opportunities.
 	Analyze
 	Perform
 	What if instead of objects we would have tables
 	Game fiber
 	Sector:
 	Energy
 	Food
 	Need
 	Money
 	Information
 	Industry
 	Materials
 	Infrastructure
 	Health
 	Products:
 	Raw
 	Energy,
 	Materials
 	Industry
 	Need
 	Food
 	Need
 	Services
 	Infrastructure
 	Information
 	Health
 	Money
 	Like level needs of Maslow
 	We need protection: a home, clothing, health
 	We need food
 	We need love, respect,
 	We need extraction myself.
 	In my opinion we also need information.
 	Government agencies:
 	Game of monkeys:
 	They can move, eat, shit, piss, fight, love,
 	They can also see, hear, smell, feel, taste
 	They have:
 	Head
 	Eyes
 	No
 	Here
 	Ears
 	(Brain)
 	Hands
 	Legs
 	Stomach
 	(Lung)
 	(Gastric)
 	(Note)
 	...
 	Mrs.
 	That's about it.
 	They want to love as much as possible to fight as little as possible, eat as much as possible.
 	Meditation in writing.
 	So what do you think?
 	Not too much
 	What has got me thinking.
 	I want throne.
 	To buy freedom.
 	I need 3 million.
 	That means on the order of 1000-2000 NIS 1000-2000 time
 	It means that if on the day I get 1000-2000 shekels. I need 1000-2000 such, it was between 3-6 years, whether or not the computer Friday, Saturday, then 5-10 years.
 	Or just get 10000 per month winning it means a day, 300 easy, or 500 shekels per day not including Saturday.
 	How do I do that?
 	The fact is enough to have an apartment that I rent, I need 10000 easy apartment, two-bedroom apartment בדיזינגוף worth about 5000 that month, and it's worth 2 million or so, it says it takes 2 to 10000 in a month, it says it takes 4 million for it.
 	So how do you get 4 million?
 	10000 a month, that's 120 grand a year, that's about 3 percent a year, it's not that much, only inflation is 3%, but it is tied to inflation, so basically it's 3 above inflation
 	Have investment better.
 	I want to develop an app, how much money worth users?
 	Facebook Yahoo וליקדאין do about 1-2 dollars user per year, Google is doing 10 a year.
 	According to an estimate of $ user, I need 120 thousand t in a year, that's 30 thousand dollars, that's 30 thousand יוזרים,
 	According to an assessment of 10 cents, I need 300 grand.
 	What I want to do?
 	Want to play סיביליזציה
 	Came to me to build the game.
 	What just got him.
 	There is a panel, which consists of ממשבצות, there are people and products that people can produce
 	Each slot has properties
 	Every man has characteristics
 	Each product has characteristics
 	The properties you can write On Da fly
 	The characteristics should be summed up in
 	Transportation
 	Health
 	Education
 	Culture
 	Security
 	Trial
 	Money
 	Welfare
 	Suppose a community of chimpanzees.
 	All שימפנז can:
 	Move
 	Eat
 	Fight
 	Produce
 	Breed
 	Pickyour lice
 	Each organism can:
 	Perform metabolism (to eat)
 	Breed
 	Animals can also move.
 	I want to write here.
 	ושזה כבר יהפוך למשימות
 	אני צריך למצוא השקעה סולידית, אג״ח
 	אני צריך להעביר את הכסף לחשבון המסחר
 	אני צריך להבין ענייני מיסים בהשקעות
 	extremistan: a system in which low probability event is proportional to a power of it's size (power law)
 	mostly cultural systems (economy, politics...) but also the weather
 	weather can be forcasted to some level using numerical results of the primitive equations (like momentum conservation, energy conservation, flow continuity...) along with noble gas law.
 	what if we can find same equations for culture, or information
 	for information I believe that it could be treated with statistical rules applied to statistical mechanics, using terms like enthropy
 	X^2+Y^2+Z^2=V^2
 	I don't have power life.
 	I want a way שכשעולות me questions I can write them to important them later.
 	So the easiest is to add it memos.
 	But then it is hard to add text
 	Another option is to start a document, the question is the title
 	But then it's not very accessible.
 	Another option is to open issue בגיטלאב it's his theme
 	Also it's not very accessible, especially when there's no internet
 	As long as
 	To do:
 	Install everything on המקבוק v
 	Clean the old
 	Documents for the apartment.:
 	Insurance
 	Tax
 	To install on iPad Kid new
 	Clean
 	Project v
 	Things לריחוקיישן
 	Shopping v
 	Get a haircut v
 	Account status v
 	The whole day wasted
 	See videos on YouTube.
 	Actually most of interesting.
 	But how I would prefer to spend the day.
 	If I had the strength to do what I want.
 	What I was doing.
 	I must have been sitting on the project.
 	I got it to work.
 	Or continue to the next project
 	I need financial independence
 	I don't want to have to go to work.
 	I need a million dollars.
 	2 million so that Shauna won't have to work
 	I need to concentrate my investments.
 	I have money to officeholders in Mellanox - maybe 50 grand.
 	I have another 50 grand in the account at Leumi
 	And 100 grand in בhsbc
 	I also have money at etrade
 	Make a log of what I did and how it made me feel.
 	Actually I'm already writing what I did.
 	Just need to add some it was positive or negative.
 	Maybe words from a group Open are vectors, ומהקבוצה observation matrices
 	Then a sentence like: life sucks
 	Is actually:
 	The life
 	The function of the word life.
 	Creates a vector
 	In this function the garbage.
 	Creates a vector
 	Basically in
 	Operates on the two parts of the court.
 	How Matrix describes a function that accepts more מארגומנט one?
 	Maybe every word is a matrix
 	What gets a vector and returns a matrix?
 	Can I do a game with just the API?
 	Let's think about tic-tac-toe
 	I have to say what coordinates I'm game
 	And the page of the game will change depending on the
 	The fact is that the post is like all call the function
 	The form that the parameters are passed
 	And chess?
 	This time, I choose twice from where and to where.
 	It's actually one function
 	וסיבליזציה?
 	I choose theme action ונשוא
 	Can be married I guess
 	But the actions vary depending on the topic.
 	But this has been a problem of UI
 	The logic is the same logic
 	The question is how many fancy form.
 	So choose a topic it's just a series of choices )get)
 	Choose a square (place)
 	Each slot has issues
 	For each subject, there are actions
 	For every action, there is a predicate
 	Each slot subject has married.
 	If I'm taking the definition of lexical and tries to predict the word, or vice versa
 	To get the right representation of the word.
 	I want to manage projects in a good way.
 	I'm the center of the money and 6% annual
 	How do I insure my money?
 	The market goes up on average 8% a year.
 	But can be year it goes down 50%.
 	I want insurance for this year.
 	If money falls by 50% I get my money back.
 	How do you do that?
 	If I agree to commit to sell all my stocks at the end of the year their price + 7%?
 	Most years I lose the difference (but still do 7%), but in the year of the fall I won't fall.
 	I can pay 0.65% of chance to fall 4/70~=5% in the third year.
 	This year
 	1.0065^3=~2%
 	1.05^3=~16%
 	Like I'm paying 2% to not fall more than 16%
 	In seven months the numbers are 0.9% chance to fall 10%
 	Year:
 	1.009^2=~1.8%
 	1.1^2=~21%
 	With options, the mean value is:
 	8-2 = 6%
 	With The Hague Convention report:
 	8*¾+2.5*¼=6.6%
 	But the fall was the biggest with stock options shall be 20%
 	And AG the report it can be 50*¾=37.5%
 	Okay so what I'm actually writing all let's start from Inter red line "enter". Linebreak
 	I don't know 
 	So what and it
 	6 fricking years...
 	What am I doing in the meantime
 	I want to have fun
 	There is no computer that can לסמלץ himself, because then he had to לסמלץ also himself.
 	It just proves there is no God
 	Because if God is what שמסמלץ all applicable and God he's so God מסמלץ well as himself, otherwise God is no
 	Kind of a paradox.
 	Can I solve it. if God is outside לייקום
 	Can God create a stone he can't lift?
 	This does not contradict the fact that God can do all things?
 	Maybe it's a problem with the word.
 	Could be that that's just not the definition of God, and that God is not everything, all can, as we define all that can
 	Can God to be above logic?
 	Can be mechanism of action programmable people is to determine if a feeling is positively or negatively.
 	After something intense, having Adrenaline in the body, adrenaline is a signal that is used to conditioning of the האינטסיבי happened with your feeling at that moment. The decision whether it's good or bad, belongs only to the person through culture.
 	This does not contradict the fact that sometimes there are things that set other substances, like serotonin or dopamine that have a positive effect clear.
 	I can't just meditate in between people.
 	If I was here alone, what I was doing.
 	Maybe nothing
 	Maybe working on the project.
 	But maybe I am in too much of a project, and out of it a little bit.
 	Right now it seems that even if I buy all stock from 2003, I was earning an average of 8% in the quarter.
 	It's crazy, and irrational.
 	And what does that mean and standard deviation
 	It means there may be quarter to the next, instead go up eight, it can go down to eight.
 	The p/e isn't really improving, he's no better than מהחיזוי, and better to just bet on everything.
 	We're special because we're able programmable
 	You can program US.
 	There's no other animal with such a mechanism
 	We sometimes think, reaching to a node make a decision that operates the network decision in the brain, a network that considerate many factors before making a decision. Sometimes, too, causes programmed by our knowledge. In the case of humans this is not limited to knowledge private but the knowledge collective (and also in some animals it is not just limited to knowledge private but in much more limited). The collective is able to program the individual, and that's not necessarily a bad thing, it's brought us here.
 	We're basically like a computer,
 	The day will come, and most people would rather have their son home version computer, and it will be the end of humanity in its current form meat-lovers ' (unless computers will be flesh and blood, so that there may be an advantage)
 	Maybe programming genetic will increase our abilities to coordinate all the computer can produce any other way.
 	According to Moore's law, our head should hold all the amount of information for any amount.
 	Logic thinking:
 	Or
 	It's either that
 	Table of truth.
 	00=0
 	01=1
 	10=1
 	11=0
 	Also
 	And this and that.
 	Table of truth.
 	00=0
 	01=0
 	10=0
 	11=1
 	Like on the computer
 	Not
 	Isn't it
 	Table of truth.
 	0=1
 	1=0
 	סניטי check:
 	not x and not y = not x nor y
 	What's going on?
 	It's all good, what about you?
 	Cool, so what are you telling?
 	Not too much, I'm working on the transcription automatically (transliteration). It's nice, but a lot more difficult than I expected.
 	I'm just trying to think how hard it would be to make things more difficult of production of text.
 	Like speech for example.
 	I wonder how the winner of the competition Turing works.
 	AIML
 	And then there's this:
 	With 6k stars בגיטהאב
 	But it's based laws rule based
 	What about trading software
 	I can use this instead.
 	Maybe it's worth a try זיפליין
 	Come on
 	What else
 	Over this weekend, " the ... 
 	I feel like I haven't done a lot.
 	I was at a social event and then in the park from noon till evening.
 	Yesterday we were at sea, too. we came back pretty late, and went to bed early.
 	I'm more thinking of what to do patina
 	Yesterday morning I didn't do anything.
 	I maybe need to allocate time to think what to do.
 	What I have to do?
 	There are miles
 	Tabs open
 	Bookmarks
 	Asana/sheet ספרדשיט
 	Big time I'm driving home from work reading an email, וסימניה
 	And during the week I'm supposed to do things מאסאנה, or chart.
 	I'd love to do an app from the chart
 	It should be pretty simple.
 	Question if I want to invest in this.
 	Also don't know which project to invest in
 	I did so analysis of the options and it seems to me that the most sensible thing is that in processing language.
 	Because it's the most interesting.
 	And potentially profitable
 	But also stocks quite interesting.
 	Also real estate, " the estate
 	Processing language, but it also helps me at work.
 	And learn it will help me also to others.
 	I need to do the planning long-term.
 	Where I want to be a year from now, even five years from now.
 	How much effort I give to everything
 	Five years from now, I wish I wish I shall be free, with ten duplexes each get 500$ a month.
 	Is it הבסט case coming?
 	Maybe הבסט case when I left for it to open a start-up of language processing.
 	Or to be בסטארטאפ as a researcher or engineer machine learning heads, ושהסטארט up will bring me a lot of money.
 	I think I'd rather שהסטארטאפ be mine.
 	Maybe both?
 	I want notebooks in the cloud
 	I want to know when I can retire.
 	Big time I'm getting 1300 from ESPP and 1300 from 401 (K) and 1300 in-RSUs (or 20k a year before tax)
 	So it's pretty close to me the $ 4000 a month savings.
 	I can add more here like 500 even 1000 if you live somewhere more normal.
 	According to הסטיית standard span of profit that came out between 8-12 years.
 	I found a target.
 	Minimize the amount of time I think about money.
 	First question:
 	So isn't it better not to think about it because in the end, I'll think about money.
 	But maybe it'll save thoughts like that in the future.
 	Here it is two different sounds in the same brain.
 	Why is it interesting me?
 	So what do I do?
 	What are the options?
 	Work on machine learning
 	In the field of money.
 	In the field of language.
 	Work with הצנזוס
 	What I want to do?ֿ
 	If I didn't have to do anything, what would I do?
 	Don't know
 	What is interesting to me הצנזוס?
 	I'd like to do a simulation of the world through statistics
 	Maybe to try to predict that the future.
 	Maybe make it a game.
 	Maybe try to figure out what actions we should do.
 	What is inflation
 	The bank printing more money.
 	That money goes for more loans?
 	People have more money available
 	Demand increased (the demand curve is rising)
 	Prices are going up
 	If you want ... more people will need to raise the demand or raise the supply
 	If you want the price down raise up the supply
 	I'm still not sold on how the money goes from the bank that prints it to the public.
 	It can be if the bank printer moves the government decides to subsidize a service, for example.
 	So what is going on in my head?
 	What always goes through, is that I want to be free, for this I need one million dollars, that's all.
 	I believe I can get there in 14 years, if I put enough on The ואשקיע the money.
 	I would be glad if it was happening before, with some start-up or something.
 	What besides that?
 	I want to develop apps (web, Android, iPhone)
 	What besides that?
 	I want to die.
 	The peace of the eternal?
 	I don't know, I don't have nothing in my head.
 	Okay so....
 	I need to find an investment.
 	For that, I need to operate something like 100 transactions
 	I have narrowed it down to Florida and California.
 	These two places I would love to visit/live in them.
 	In Florida the advantage of having more opportunities.
 	In California I live, so I can actually hang out and visit here.
 	I could write some kind of tool to analyze it for me all the deals guy from Florida sent me.
 	I can update it to check for deals in California.
 	I also need to add information on schools and crime
 	Okay so I have a place that looks cool on paper.
 	I maybe serve her an offer.
 	What other steps there are on the way.
 	I write online about the deal.
 	I need to do maybe parallel some tests in California.
 	I need to understand a little more about the process of funding.
 	I'm a little sore I gave them The הסושיאל before שבררתי
 	Simulation of culture.
 	Options:
 	Take the statistics of the OECD as the handles you can pull and see what happens.
 	Because the more strategic - לסמלץ of fighting units, or build, or do anything else.
 	It can bring in from the direction of types of employment.
 	Although there was no information of the business of the army.
 	structure:
 	Goal (deadline)
 	sub goal (deadline)
 	If God is the place
 	It means that time is the devil?
 	I don’t know what to do in my 3 free sessions
 	Oh yeah,
 	I have 3 free sessions a week right now
 	3 work sessions
 	3 free sessions
 	4 family sessions
 	10 work sessions
 	Wait, but a week has 21 sessions (3 a day - morning, afternoon, evening)
 	Should I have 5 family sessions?
 	I can aim for 4 work 3 free 4 family
 	Isn’t freedom the most important thing?
 	So today I tried gamifying my life
 	So I looked into creating apps
 	First i looked a flask, then went to electron, then cordova, then to how to convert python to js…
 	But I don’t know
 	I just don’t know what to do the have fun in my free time
 	I write
 	I like to write I guess…
 	Maybe I should start a blog…
 	What would I do if I was free?
 	Go fuck bitches and do cocain
 	I mean, is that all?
 	I would probably get tired of it
 	Well I’m not sure
 	Cocain is pretty addictive
 	But then maybe alcohol, weed and bitches?
 	What’s preventing you from doing that?
 	A wife…
 	As long as I don’t cheat it should be fine
 	My penis or mouth can’t touch her vagina or mouth
 	I can go to strippers
 	So strippers and alcohol instead of bitches and cocain
 	Haha
 	I don’t know if that’s going to make me feel much better…
 	Or just make me hornier and less motivated
 	There’s only one way to find out…
 	I can do an experiment
 	One month of strippers and booze
 	I don’t remember after the stripper being more prolific
 	So the other hobby would be to work on projects as if they are a game
 	Gamify
 	Another option, volunteer, but then, won’t I be more productive if I just work and donate?
 	Don’t know
 	Because it’s 6 years I need to live like that now…
 	And then ±30 more, maybe 40?
 	I wish
 	I need to find a way to create ai to solve that mortality problem
 	אז אני מוצא מקום עם עשר אחוז דיבידנד משכירות
 	שם שם 100000
 	מקבל 10000 בשנה
 	Two years wait I can get another apartment like this.
 	Two years, wait one more and I'm done
 	And then it's passive income of 30000
 	Together with the work is 75000, that means a year and a bit after I have a passive income of 40000
 	Maybe 30000 after tax
 	After another year it's 85000
 	It's coming out 4 years minimum.
 	Five and a half ל40000
 	7 to 50000
 	8 ל60000
 	Let's face it 7 enough 8 put 20000 gross, it's a lot.
 	So here we spend some 60000 a year, 5 month.
 	And that's cool.
 	How do I find an apartment.
 	I need to figure out a realty attorney
 	Maybe you need a course
 	Or I'm going to some friend and ask there.
 	They have little interest.
 	But I'm not sure if that's a problem.
 	I need to search on the internet.
 	I'm writing Just because the sign מהוורד, not closed right away, after I remembered to keep most of the roses I closed first The האחקון't closed and it didn't saved changes.
 	So I apologize in advance if this is retarded.
 	Okay it's a lack of confidence that comes after you're sure that you're on to something big.
 	And that's exactly the wave I'm talking about,
 	All Wave also in our thinking
 	The wave is rising when we are creative, unique and down when we want to be like everybody communicate with everybody,
 	When people try to be creative too so they are pushing it too much dig what is called as I am doing now, and therefore they also fall deep back insecurity.
 	The way to get to common ground, is to rely on the name to do what he needs to do, and then come to הרזוננס don't look too hard too on the other hand, don't try to be like everyone else too (that's what brings insecurity.
 	It also reminds me of the theory on this is that the size of all of them is 1 and the projection of our culture is changing from one to the other, but these שההיטל them about culture low are the ones that can draw the string as high as what is called a dig as deep ברזוננס their
 	Release it to flow, and pull on the string that's on the one hand to try to dig to get to some conclusion שתזעזע the world, pride, ego, selfish and on the other hand it's this side of civilization to be very civilized thinking.
 	It's weird because when you release you'll be the most creative, but when you pull on the string it's because you're trying to be most creative.
 	So let go bro, stop writing, Come on.
 	Well, it's hard for me to shake off the ambition of this writing, I think she comes from the desire to live forever, or to create something that will remain after, as the urge to have a kid, want because it's better for survival, so also culture is so psyched about these שנזכרים forever, and it pushes you to want, too, because it's better for survival of civilization.
 	These שנזכרים as far as they are the ones who put the foundations of culture, in our society, it's Abraham, Moses, Jesus, and Socrates, Plato, Aristotle, all these philosophers, I'm not sure that everybody knows who they are, our culture is instant I mean heroes are those who live now, or until recently, like The Beatles or Britney Spears.
 	They offer the type of high Robin, the culture, I mean they sacrifice effect for downloads, they could be higher, and more if you were not looking for the stuff, because that's the way it is, it's like two opposites that feed it, the material and the spirit, you are spiritual, and then, with your influence you can get more material
 	Sometimes you want to give up immortality to get more now, and sometimes upside down.
 	I was unpacking some the the high.
 	The law of paradox: choice A is correct if the other choice leads to a paradox.
 	For example, if I believe that in order to develop a theory that I need to let go and not try to develop her power, so the only option is to release it, because if I want to develop the theory I need to release, because the theory says that that's how I would open it, and on the other hand if I don't want to develop her. so.... anyway I will release
 	Or if you believe that in order to get a girl you need to let go so the only option is to release it, because if you want her then you need to release it, and if you don't want it so anyway let go
 	On the other hand don't need to believe in these in the first place.
 	Connects here the theory on this is that women are status the second after leaders and led
 	It's sexist, but it also works in reverse have women leaders, but a little less, and women are being implemented, but less,
 	How many a man more indifferent to the women in the short term so that it will have more women in the long run, how much more indifferent he is more philosophical, or something like that he has a greater impact on culture is more than a leader, on the other hand, how is he more of a conformist culture is less wanted, it is governed more by women, but he has more friends.
 	It's a little weird how these theories arise after I smoke?
 	Another point: the whole conflict is something that he also has a conflict, for example, bestiality and cultural rights, they are opposites but both of them upside down apathy.
 	How do I know what's right?
 	What do I know?
 	What I decide
 	I have a feeling that I decide just when to release, do you mean if I dig something, I can just decide to stop or continue, if I continue I draw the string.
 	The most influential on the culture, they're the ones who pulled the string as far, release.
 	Like Shula mines when something works for a lot of things you knew so he's probably right.
 	Morality – good and evil, logic – true, not true, מטאפיסיקה – there is no
 	Have good right, no wrong no right
 	What am I doing with my life?
 	I want to make this thing work.
 	How do I know it's working?
 	The outlook looks good, how do I know what's the risk?
 	הוורסט case סינריו don't scare me.
 	If I lose everything I've earned, it's going to bother me.
 	But it's not הוורסט case, I also might as well say I shouldn't get on a car. I need to look at 3 standard deviations below average.
 	It's like a coin toss.
 	What הסטיית standard of the currency?
 	What is standard deviation?
 	Root various
 	What's different
 	Expectancy square variable הממורכז
 	Actually הסטיית this standard the average of the distances than the average
 	So what's the average of the distances of a coin toss?
 	If a tree is one and flea. -1, So the average is one, isn't it?
 	E[x]=P(-1)*-1+p(1)*1=0
 	E[(X-E[x])^2]=p(-1)*-1^2+p(1)*1^2=0.5
 	s[x]=sqrt(0.5)= 0.7
 	Divorce is also on the hir and, GT Mi poison it too.
 	חכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכ
 	Peace
 	To get to Jordan
 	Hi Jordan
 	MH can take?
 	Total tube
 	What about you?
 	Cool
 	Good
 	Good
 	There is too much huh...
 	What are you waiting for?
 	Don't have too much to do right now.
 	Finished what it takes for a week.
 	At work we are almost all right.
 	Tomorrow we can introduce הפרוטוטיפ
 	At home, we're done with the news and feelings
 	What else?
 	It seems to me enough achievements for the week.
 	Also been a busy week socially.
 	How do I extract all the information what calendar
 	Shauna: how much toast do you want?
 	Shauna: how much toast do you want?
 	Shauna: how many pieces of toast you רוצההההההההההההה?
 	Jordan picks up three fingers.
 	Shiran: I'll shove up your ass.
 	Jordan takes two fingers
 	Shiran: you have to be here less פרצלס and more chocolate.
 	Jordan: what's פרצלס at all, who can פרצלס?
 	Shiran: what you've never eaten a bagel?
 	Jordan: פרצלס it's not a pretzel.
 	Shauna: yes it is.
 	Jordan: I want to hug you and kiss you and throw you out the window.
 	Shauna: *shakes her head*
 	Jordan: No, what? Can you point to me exactly what the stuff's not okay.
 	Shauna: *points at Jordan*
 	Shauna: *licking a knife in sensuality and you look looking buying.*
 	Shauna: *starts to deep throat with the knife.*
 	Shiran: the mice poops outside the door, and he's really big.
 	Jordan: maybe shit in there, too, and then they will see our poop bigger being
 	After six days: want to go out to the movies, bought tickets to Titanic.
 	After six years: want to smell my hand, I shoved it up your ass.
 	A girl comes out of the bathroom: dad! You won't believe what was there on the chair.
 	How much hair she had
 	All her body hair.
 	I: love is blind
 	Shiran: too bad that love didn't תתרנית
 	Right now I'm writing here, and it's a mess.
 	Quite easily can I using a code to classify the files or paragraphs into groups
 	But I can't do it from here because I can't write code on an iPad
 	It shouldn't be a problem.
 	Let's face it, I can do ssh to any machine and work there.
 	But should also be a way to do it through the browser
 	Eclipse a " supposed to be ide to the browser but is not mobile פרינדלי
 	For that I need to learn developing web
 	Don't know if it's my top priority right now.
 	I'd like to develop
 	What do I care what is true and what is not true, then I'm supposed to care about what's right for me, purely subjective, if I feel like it, so for me it exists.
 	Maybe for communicating, for I can talk to objectively to everyone to understand me, communicate with others,
 	Did civilization started in the"idea" or"good versus evil"
 	What is good or bad, it's completely subjective, but it is the way of culture to preserve itself, don't murder, it's not good for culture, because she will contain fewer people and thus weakened.
 	But good and evil were before it, because ever since the genes dictate to us what is good and what is bad, then every living thing knows fucking and eating that's good ולהפגע and die it's bad, so when we started envisioning all we also need to call out a name, maybe feelings of those
 	But why the name? To improve the media, because communicating better you mean a more strong, means less danger to
 	Good and bad it has been concepts, so I guess that concepts preceded by good and bad, when they started? When a man was time to ask the question, when he was up there all day בשרידה maybe?
 	Then communicating through concepts, made us stronger, and concepts themselves begin to control us like genes began to dominate in the material that creates them.
 	What do I care?
 	Because I care why do I ask questions or what is it in US, except מחייתיות What is this culture, where that leads.
 	One can only think ahead.
 	I thought I would change from the "always be nice" is
 	"Don't be evil" is
 	Because why would I force I'll be nice.
 	But the idea of this signifies that without her "I was evil," I,
 	So maybe it's better to give up a motto like that at all.
 	It's all a metaphor.
 	Like a fractal.
 	Everything is an imagination of something for himself.
 	If I go back to your breathing, I guess in the end I'll be thinking about money.
 	There is also a chance I get to think about writing.
 	But a lot more thoughts about money.
 	I need 10000 t per month
 	It's like about 16 t clean for an hour.
 	Anything over can go towards pension.
 	סכהכ I need to gain 0.5 - 1 million bucks or so
 	Why not do it the way I like it like at the Academy?
 	As long as I like it there's no reason not to
 	Actually, there is no reason, because I'd rather להתחרר early.
 	Where are released early? High tech! Not a day, a year.
 	Every day go out late, it's frame hard, but half the time,
 	Because I can make sure 20 a month, and then set aside
 	And retire 45
 	But then I completely erase those years
 	At the Academy at least has me more interest, that's more like it's probably what I would do if I was free.
 	Why register?
 	I need to build a ניבויי success in the market. according to the text of an article
 	If it works, I'm done I have a machine investment
 	What's going on here?
 	All yesterday I was searching for escort
 	I don't know what the deal is
 	The problem באסאנה is, I don't know what to work.
 	There are a million things, but there is no means to make Tasks Calendar
 	Big it's supposed to be מהחשוב at least important.
 	Then מהדחוף at least urgent.
 	Even though I won't be pressing things
 	I checked how computers do it.
 	In Windows and Mac it's pretty simple:
 	There are queues with the degrees of importance of different
 	An appointment with more importance takes precedence.
 	Who's in for one long going through the line with more importance
 	On Linux:
 	Always take who's left him the least time.
 	If someone didn't finish in the allotted time, the time he has left rising.
 	That still doesn't really answer your urgency.
 	I guess in the end need to decide on what the owner of higher priority, and add priority to things urgent
 	Let's face it there are systems in which there are two types of priority, when one types get priority over the other, and can exchange something of priority type two
 	Can such a thing get to do only important things
 	Because of this need to reduce the amount of the shortlist to a minimum.
 	Some important things I need to do?
 	Just don't push anything to me.
 	Culture begins in the concept,
 	In giving things names, so we can hold them in our imagination.
 	When we gave Idea feel good, כשהמצאנו The concept of "good" and therefore "bad", here we set the target of the culture, the target of course is abstinence from"bad" and some can be more "good".
 	Glad ואוזר it's just words that describe a good feeling.
 	Love is a good feeling when the object is external.
 	But basically what it's a good feeling, you can't define a concept in the concept itself, so the good feeling is actually a feeling that we want to be held all the time, I mean bone her existence, we want to maximize,
 	That feels like a commentary to the senses, the senses perceive and we feel, although there is also a feeling in the brain, does that mean love is not exactly accepted senses, but it's a commentary, then it goes into the definition , it's just meta-commentary, so when our senses, it's hard for me to say doubtful, because it limits them, but basically when the commentary is positive, we feel good,
 	When the commentary positive? If we look at the genes, so the interpretation is positive when right now I have to more chance to survive, I mean after we ate enough, after שזייננו,
 	But why good a job we have a good feeling, what it provides, why symmetry or simplicity are considered beautiful?
 	It seems to me language once again in the"idea" to the point, when as few as possible concepts that describe as much as possible from the world, it's beautiful, maybe, it makes you feel good maybe
 	This has the advantage of predicting the future by using concepts, which actually increases our confidence and therefore our genes are supposed to make us feel good about it.
 	Mountains, animals having sex not to לישרוד but because it feels good, I mean instinctively they are driven to it,
 	There is a very great pre-existed the concept of good was already the concept of bad, because bad is a generalization of the well, our instincts, hungry, thirsty, horny, Not that they themselves bad, but they make us feel bad, when I'm hungry, so it bothers me until I shall fill myself, when I'm horny it bothers me until I feed this hunger, the same with breathing, we feel just כשהצורך is not filling up, I'm not sure that sex feels as good as feeling bad without him, Although I think sex is a bit unusual in that respect because it doesn't feels good to breathe, or to drink just hurts us when you don't, and that's the motive, perhaps the most as strong as the other guy said in the lecture Professor, nothing motivates more than the noose or something like that, even sleeping, maybe some people do it for fun, but most often it occurs from a lack of choice.
 	It seems to me what the pain of just doing it to overload the brain, the brain is not free to deal with other things because his attention undertake the painful area, pain, sometimes one is harmless but הצתברות can't even kill pain, it's a strange phrase the most because, of course, what's the point if that hurts you doesn't kill you himself, so the pain should deter you from painful to שתישרוד actually performs the operation opposite והורדג you all of a sudden
 	Humor is my friend the most, he's just an example of creativity, of thinking straight, and it's laughter, like for example The Imitation of Mark, was an exaggeration, I mean I introduced him on the way, no routine,
 	What am I doing with this life.
 	Buena 7.5% in San Jose, it's tight!
 	With a 7.5 if I have ten in a month, 120 a year.
 	120/0.075=1600
 	I wish I could write code, which will serve as a place for me to write documents and code, ולהרצת code
 	I can't do anything like that.
 	Using Javascript, I can make a website that allows writing documents and saving them
 	The site can sit in the cloud
 	I can allow this site also write websites, because in the end it's just adding documents, Java Script
 	But I need ךהבין how to create אפשליקציה בנוד.School
 	I can לככה easily add more code to the app from within the app
 	I can add an LAX and use Google images to find a person by a picture or a link (for example Facebook) and then put apply it in the direction of porn.
 	But it's hard to learn the.This school
 	I want to create a game out of it, instead of doing nothing I'm doing when I'm playing, I'll do this nothing. my game.
 	Instead of write I do it in the game.
 	What are principles of play?
 	A sense of progress.
 	Baby steps (each step a few short minutes.)
 	Let's say Kennedy crash
 	There were tons of steps that one play five minutes.
 	And, on average, five doctrines that you can play, moving a step or two.
 	סכהכ need was play.
 	5*700/2 = 1750
 	Games I mean 8750 minutes, or 146 hours.
 	The task should be simple to do it in five minutes, for example try to bounce a bird so I don't touch thorns
 	To produce wheat you need ±120 days of sun.
 	The sun gives ±1000W/m^2.
 	m^2 produces ±330g of wheat.
 	1000W*10h=10kWh
 	10kWh/d*120d=1200kWh~=4500MJ
 	330g*1369kJ/100g~=4500kJ
 	The efficiency of wheat is ±1/1000
 	Tools
 	Writing a document (latex)
 	ide
 	Management tasks
 	The army is supposed to be the most right, but his premise is and think just like us.
 	A graph appears down only with the breaking point towards a certain low point breaking the previous in that direction.
 	Management
 	Legal
 	Office
 	Transport
 	Food
 	Service
 	Finance
 	Health
 	Farming
 	Math & computers
 	Architecture & engineering
 	Social work
 	Art
 	Sciences
 	Education
 	Protection
 	Maintenance
 	Sales
 	Construction
 	Repair
 	Production
 	מקרר
 	מיקרו
 	תנור
 	מזגן
 	How can be they invented the air conditioner so much after the fridge?
 	There oven heats by heat (gas)
 	Micro heater by waves Colonel.
 	Air conditioner, refrigerator and heater with gas.
 	And refrigerator refrigerator gas
 	What's going on here.
 	So I'm giving weight to each thing I want to do.
 	Freedom of choice
 	Is that an illusion from it we choose between the alternatives similar?
 	Do animals have freedom of choice?
 	The illusion of freedom of choice in front of the illusion of causality
 	If there is no causality, There is randomness. But there is randomness at the quantum level
 	What exactly is freedom of choice?
 	The ability of an entity to choose between alternatives.
 	Is also an animal can choose? Can.
 	Like the donkey, which is right between the two mounds of gravel. He will have to choose even though there is no priority
 	How can there be randomness and causality?
 	The solution בקוונטים as far as I know is the measurement condition class, condition one.
 	Or we can measure only one mode, and other modes take place simultaneously.
 	Does it contradict causality
 	Probably not because the science is still standing, ומתיישר with the theory of quantum
 	Why do we have a choice?
 	Is everything pre-determined?
 	Can we see the rest of the dimensions?
 	As a person born with one eye. He didn't see three dimensions. But he is able to perceive more dimensions.
 	Maybe computer quantum can capture more dimensions.
 	Maybe even jump between them.
 	So there is no freedom of choice?
 	What do I do now when I'm with Shauna
 	How do I go to learn?
 	I can in the evenings I don't have פקלים to go for coffee.
 	But it's only two nights
 	בסופש as long as there is no plan I can go for coffee.
 	סכהכ it 3-4 times a week.
 	Every day, I have 3 sections of about 4 hours work.
 	Until lunch
 	Until dinner.
 	Until the bedroom.
 	סכהכ 21 segments per week of 84 hours.
 	About 84-90 segments in the month of about 360 hours.
 	1,100 sections per year of about 4400 hours
 	10 meetings the two weeks going on a job.
 	I'm also not super changed ששקולה two sections a day.
 	I stayed with 11 segments, A ולשירן
 	Makes sense to me to give לשירן 6
 	I can make the essence of הפקלים, do one בסופש
 	And then 3 times to go for coffee.
 	More time twice בסופש
 	Sounds reasonable
 	Each section in a coffee shop costs like 7$
 	זה אומר שבשבוע זה יוצא ~30-35$,
 	120-150$~ בחודש בערך
 	לא מעט בכלל
 	What am I doing with my life?
 	I need 4-5 year to retire it seems
 	I’m making 170k± paying 30% tax, say 50k, living on 60, saving 60.
 	I need to get 600k to live off of.
 	I have ±160k right now. I should have 200 by next May, 300 by the following July 400 by the following august, 500 the year after that, and 600 the year after that. That’s a year before I’m 40, hopefully, if everything goes well.
 	If we have 60 to live off of, we’re paying ±10 for taxes I think. Then we have 50 a year that’s ±4 a month. Should be enough for a good life. Probably not in SF.
 	If I get a job that pays 300k, I get 200k, still living on 60k, saving 140k, that’s like saving 2.3 times more. I should get to 600 in 2-3 years from now. So that’s 2 years difference. Almost half the time. Which is nice.
 	Check check 1 2 Inter Inter
 	Why is there no inter-line Skoda period so specified a
 	What counts right now. don't know don't know what I'm thinking right now.
 	Voila chat albert what am i thinking about enter what is wrong with me enter what is a bar
 	I need to try to observe the result, do cases and comments
 	I tried to give you the qr free 10 restaurants
 	Only 5 took
 	Only 1 her name is really on the tables.
 	I spend way too much money.
 	I don't know how to proceed from here
 	I still believe in the concept
 	I can try to go to 100 places.
 	To 10 put the qr
 	I can try to post on Facebook/Google
 	I need an ad
 	I need a video explanation.
 	But a video explanation is thousands of dollars.
 	I don't know if I want to invest that kind of money
 	For a 100 restaurants I have 50 prints of ten qrs
 	That's like 500-1000 dollars.
 	I'd love to start writing it all at
 	If I continue like this, can I have another 7-8 years to retire.
 	8 years is ~100 months ~400 weeks ~2000 working days ~20000 hours of work
 	I can start a table of despair, but it seems to me discouraging
 	So maybe invest בגיימיפיקציה
 	Maybe reading financial reports
 	Khan academic.
 	It was cool to invest in something that makes a book for the course
 	Maybe just messing with things of the job.
 	This week I didn't have time because full טאסקים
 	Need to make the arrangement work.
 	A week to create a draft
 	One week review."
 	I want to have to give it the only day of the week.
 	What makes a book for this course amazing.
 	You can also use machine learning
 	You can also use to teach the machine.
 	The fact is that everything I do is for the best.
 	The idea to do something I love.
 	The most difficult is what I like.
 	What with politics?
 	There's plenty of studies economic
 	Is it possible to insert here learning
 	Produce an economic model using machine learning?
 	If I can predict improvement of countries information, can be you can use it also to manage countries.
 	There's plenty of beautiful things.
 	Full projects
 	I'd love to have all those projects are accessible
 	I can contribute when I have an idea.
 	Similar should also do the model of the second law
 	Not just that but it is also possible to code
 	Can I do that with bodies of Square because it's probably easier.
 	Although movement is limited in directions very certain
 	How can you move diagonally in a digital world?
 	Is there any angle minimal ?
 	Quantization of movement.
 	Entities big, there is infinite movement
 	But bodies minimal can only move on a diagonal one, except in either direction normal
 	Actually if there was tunneling, maybe there is no limit
 	Let's try the digital world this
 	If you have any problems talk about them.
 	I need to write all of this in a project right
 	I need to analyze what I'm writing somehow.
 	Most things can be divided according to the type of
 	I need to do has law I put down.
 	For each sentence role.
 	Maybe you could make each court to perform an action
 	There are legal todo
 	There are legal knowledge.
 	Etc.
 	Maybe we can divide the documents according to types
 	Maybe inside we can divide the sentences.
 	So I can't use floydhub currently
 	I
 	I need to buy a house.
 	All it takes is to see 100 houses.
 	Offer on 10
 	Close with 1
 	Big time
 	If I'm doing 20 apartments at two hours total to " about the effort should not take more than~10 hours.
 	I think saving it with the api
 	But I don't know if it's really that critical.
 	The main problem is the lease for a dollar to read.
 	And I can check it out by yourself בrentometer, it just takes a minute.
 	The truth is, if I really think about it, it's about 5-10 thin for a deal.
 	It's 6-12 deals at
 	How much is a minute?
 	I make 150000 a year, (don't know if you count the bonus or not.)
 	12500 a month.
 	625 a day.
 	62.5 at
 	But one-third about going to taxes
 	It's 41 assume an hour.
 	Is an hour outside of work worth that?
 	I guess an hour, my job should be ~40$ net...
 	It's not that much if you think about it...
 	It's also because I'm working ten hours, that's quite true I'm going out at eight and returns at seven, it's 11 hours including everything, but on the way back, I'm not exactly working...
 	That means 0.66 cents per minute.
 	If something saves me ~5-10 hours is worth 200-400$
 	The question if it's really that saves
 	Because I'm paying $ home, that means$ 100 and get them on a " as
 	And that's without the rest of the variables I need.
 	It's more like a half dollars.
 	I want to do a service which allows booking the restaurants through the web
 	Steps:
 	Put a QR code in the restaurants stand to have at each table - the code refers to the site that directs them to the menu (from yelp, for example.)
 	Allow search on the menu.
 	Allow an invitation through the menu.
 	Allow payment through the menu.
 	What you need:
 	Order stands
 	Order QR codes pointing to my server
 	Cause the server to redirect correctly
 	Go to restaurants and make them put the הסטנדים my
 	Send an email to
 	Go physical
 	Call
 	Post
 	If I want to look professional, I need to:
 	Site
 	Logo
 	(Video)
 	A million dollars a year:
 	To sell the service at ten bucks a month, 80,000 restaurants.
 	In the cities let's say fifty percent from the West, and ten percent from India and China
 	It's on the order of a billion
 	All about maximum 100 people, has a restaurant
 	There is an order of magnitude of millions of restaurants in the world.
 	That's a potential of hundreds of millions of dollars.
 	If let's say I double the sales every year.
 	I have a year five 80000
 	Year four 40000
 	Year three 20000
 	Second-year 10000
 	In the first year, 5000
 	How do I get 5,000 a year.
 	It's 400 a month.
 	That's 100 a week.
 	Three dimensional Image display, using laser projection.
 	Invention Background:
 	There are many types of 3D displays:
 	·        Stereoscopic 3D displays show a different image to each eye
 	·        Auto stereoscopic 3D displays do this without the need for any special glasses or other head gear. within this type, there are several methods, such as:
 	o       Flat Panel device:
 	▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪ A lenticular lens is an array of magnifying lenses, designed so that when viewed from slightly different angles, different images are magnified.
 	▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪ A parallax barrier, consists of a layer of material with a series of precision slots, allowing each eye to see a different set of pixels, so creating a sense of depth through parallax. A disadvantage of both technologies is that the viewer must be positioned in a well defined spot to experience the 3D effect.
 	▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪ Eye tracking device, that automatically adjust the displayed images to follow the viewer's eyes as they move their head, only suitable for one person.
 	▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪ Holographic 3D displays: reproduce a light field which is identical to that which emanated from the original scene
 	o       Volumetric displays, where some physical mechanism is used to display points of light within a volume. Such displays use Voxels instead of pixels.
 	▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪ multiplanar displays, which have multiple display planes stacked up
 	▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪ A swept-volume display: the three-dimensional image is formed by illuminating a rapidly moving display surface, which may be a spinning diffuser. Typical schemes use a circular screen rotating at about 900 rpm, which sweeps a spherical volume at each half-rotation.
 	▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪ Static volume: In the simplest case, an addressable volume of space is created out of active elements that are transparent in the off state but are either opaque or luminous in the on state. When the elements or voxels are activated they show a solid pattern within the space of the display.
 	This Invention is based on the auto stereoscopic, volumetric display, with no need of any special device to view the image, and by displaying the image "as is, and can be viewed from all directions, unlike the flat panel.
 	Abstract:
 	The device uses lasers with sufficient amout of energy, that it's light course is seen duo to the existence of impurities in the sorrounding air. by spreding the Laser beam, through a mirror or a lens, thus making it less powerfull so it would not be seen to the viewer, and using a second mirror or lens to focus it to one single point, making it a single voxel in the air, no oother medium needed.
 	the device consists of many rows of this kind of laser projection, to creat a whole screen, and creating several screens one behind the other, to create a three dimentional image, layer by layer.
 	there is a possibility to use rotating mirrors to create a scan, not projecting all the lasers at once, but projecting the laser through several lenses or mirrors on a high frequency.
 	בגדול אני עושה בשנה ~150k
 	שליש מיסים
 	שליש הוצאות
 	A third savings.
 	20 מRSU before tax, assuming that it is 13.5 after tax.
 	And 130 salary
 	Salary I get 5 every two weeks.
 	Of which 1.5 taxes.
 	The 5 on ESPP
 	That's 3 on 401k
 	Apple multiplies it to me.
 	That's how I'm saving 1.1 all two weeks a year, that's 13, and it's supposedly after tax
 	At the end left me with 2.6 ish in my pocket, that's about 66 a year, the 5.5 month.
 	Expenses supposed to be 4 month, but 5
 	Maybe it'll get better when we move.
 	What I'm doing for אנוויינד?
 	Writing here?
 	It's not active too?
 	I can read a book.
 	Then the light passes from side to side.
 	But then the barrier is forever.
 	Is there any object's potential movement.
 	This stems from the fact that e=mc^2
 	Each particle can be all fast, c
 	So he's got potential by the ability to (potentially) move.
 	But when he moves, another has also הפוטציאל of the movement.
 	Yeah, but he's starting potential zero.
 	This different energy, the energy of the movement, if you give up the weight, you're paying on the move.
 	That's how far they are zero.
 	In the space frequency we're moving coordinates relative to the axis of the speed (and weight)
 	As the frequency is higher there is more energy, so there is an energy that is the distance the frequency zero.
 	חגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגחגח
 	Maybe there's something there, maybe not.
 	Maybe it feels important enough, to know to go in the direction
 	But what's the point, it's not that I learned
 	Elastic collision warning
 	m1v1+m2v2=m1v1’+m2v2’
 	m1v1^2+m2v2^2=m1v1’^2+m2v2’^2
 	m1v1^2-m1v1’^2=m2v2’^2-m2v2^2
 	m1(v1^2-v1’^2)=m2(v2’^2-v2^2)
 	m1(v1-v1’)(v1+v1’)=m2(v2’-v2)(v2’+v2) 1
 	m1v1+m2v2=m1v1’+m2v2’
 	m1(v1-v1)’=m2(v2’-v2) 2
 	(v1+v1’)=(v2’+v2) <= 1+2
 	Inclusion ואינדוקציה brain:
 	Inclusion - when the number of neurons firing together in the same neuron, the phenomenon was generalized to the same neuron, for example neuron that symbolizes Otto shot when it detects four wheels and a body, a neuron (or neural) four wheels ונוירון body, built-in Neuron one.
 	Induction - when we see only four wheels generalize to the car. imagine having a body, although שהנוירון of the body isn't shot at all.
 	That's enough to level computation of a Turing (or calculus I)
 	Anyone who has a mind that can generalize and do the induction (requires only 2 layers)
 	I want to break free!
 	I'm obsessed.
 	Not sure what to do about it
 	I need to get to 50k to be free
 	That should happen in ±4 years (end of 2022)
 	I want to get to 75k to keep growing
 	That’s 2 years later, and it makes my income grow
 	It’s not a lot
 	It depends on me being able to get 10%
 	Let’s see what happens with the real estate deal…
 	Either way, it’s ½ a million, it should be enough, as one provider.
 	4 years…
 	That’s fine I guess…
 	Why do I keep working on the investment thing?
 	Well 20% can get me there twice as fast.
 	I’ll be 40 in about 6 years…
 	40 is kinda old
 	And what did I do?
 	I wish I was working on language…
 	That’s the important stuff
 	I want to contribute my share.
 	I should go study, do some research…
 	4 years
 	200 weeks
 	Well the army took 4 years
 	It passed fairly quickly
 	The degree took more than 4 years…
 	A lot happened though…
 	Ammm…
 	I’m getting ~12 days a year, that’s 2.5 weeks.
 	I need to take a vacation twice a year.
 	2 weeks, 10 days.
 	Break it down.
 	In Christmas I have a week, and usually thanksgiving too.
 	So the other weeks should be as far as possible from that.
 	That means April and August.
 	Right now I have 10 days, 2 weeks
 	But what do I do on that week?
 	What do I do in my spare time?
 	I don’t know
 	I just want to not have to do anything…
 	And do what I feel like
 	But what do I feel like doing?
 	No clue…
 	Man
 	I’m empty
 	There was this thing, where I gathered all of the national accounts info…
 	Might be interesting to see how countries split their investments as well as companies.
 	It would be interesting to simulate that.
 	That’s pretty much what I’m doing in the prediction thing.
 	Something like civilization, but without the graphics.
 	Is there a way to answer a moral question objectively?
 	Is there absolute moral?
 	I guess there isn’t but stuff can be voted, according to the sum of collective morals.
 	One can do that by doing online votes...
 	Shiran mad because she thinks I'm trying to get her wrong.
 	Because I'm arguing just because I want to be right.
 	I don't like that she was arguing with me even when she's wrong.
 	She won't admit that maybe I'm right, ever.
 	I would be glad if I had any other way to do what I'm doing now.
 	Suppose to write this Wiki
 	But there's something with the can off lane.
 	Soon we won't have can off lane.
 	That's because you always be online.
 	And then I'd want to use a service like גיטהאב
 	I'm straight writing code, like Let's say notebook,
 	And I can in the same breath also prescribe todo
 	I'm just adding things to the list of bookmarks...
 	I need to concentrate.
 	What?
 	In the processing language.
 	Machine learning
 	I would be glad if I could do it from my cell phone.
 	But it's not critical.
 	What is critical?
 	I don't know...
 	Even want to deal in learning?
 	Why?
 	I want to get to 20% so I can retire next year.
 	Service that keeps all of the readability api, for writing, and performs them as soon as there is network.
 	That way you can realize the הapi of GitLab also offline
 	How do I know what I enjoy?
 	You can just feel it
 	You love it, do you want to do it all the time.
 	What I want to do all the time besides masturbate, or sleep?
 	I want to know how to survive in the wild.
 	I want to know how to achieve financial independence
 	I want to know how to learn, I also want to learn, I also want to excel.
 	I want to know how to get chicks.
 	All these things exist. the desire to know.
 	What is this knowledge?
 	Aggregation of concepts and relationships between them.
 	Know - I think it comes from the root opinion, the way to see the world.
 	Maybe all a man missing, needs want is to fuck as much as possible and sleep the rest of the time,
 	Are all the monks are not really happy.
 	Are after menopause, women only want to sleep?
 	As the book says, We are controlled by culture than by genes, because genes anyway survive.
 	Or culture is the only means of genes to survive?
 	Not everyone loves philosophy, it's not everyone cares
 	Can always be certain things distract except מכשמשהו really stand in front of my eyes, passion.
 	Like Stop the conflict the war that stupid, to bring the world means no oil to power it, to the Arabs will have another way to get money, your customers difficulty in life, just under God.
 	Why was mind Galileo if we revolve around the sun or vice versa?
 	I would be glad if I had some נוטבוק that always works that I can operate from my cell phone.
 	I think Google give such a service
 	Fuck
 	It's always them.
 	Why they win everything.
 	I can't pay yeah it's right, like, ten bucks a month to get something without too much computation power
 	But it should be enough.
 	The interface of נוטבוק on the phone too not something.
 	It's also not that convenient to write code on the cell phone.
 	Because you need to go through all the time for the signs.
 	How do we solve this
 	Why do you need two devices, one with a large screen and keyboard, and one with a small screen
 	There is also great mobile.
 	But not that portable
 	He didn't go into the pocket.
 	Like in the middle is a iPad
 	And iPad with a keyboard good let's face it it be enough.
 	Because power computing can be cloud.
 	The iPad is more a mobile computer.
 	But much less from a cell phone.
 	If I had a keyboard to a mobile phone?
 	Let's face it with dual screen or even a 1.5 I would settle for
 	And what do you do with the keyboard?
 	So what I'm doing.
 	I have a lot of projects
 	To invest in housing
 	Deepmoney
 	Qordr
 	Experiment in physics.
 	I got to focus.
 	I also need to fix לשירן the card out better.
 	Besides that I also work...
 	There's also the thing of freezing eggs to take time.
 	Including having a child is a shitload of work
 	I'm a bit drowning in all this.
 	I also want to do music.
 	I want too many things.
 	לdeepmoney there is a chance of say 1 to 10 to make me למולטי a millionaire by a billionaire (like Buffett)
 	לqordr there's a chance of 1 to 10 to make me למולטי a millionaire (like Tomer)
 	The housing has a pretty good chance to make me a millionaire.
 	Experiment in physics can get me a Nobel Prize
 	Also have neglected to consider what I enjoy.
 	Qordr less interesting to me.
 	Also have neglected to consider what I need
 	The fact is that to be free I need a million bucks or so
 	Okay so what do I have to do.
 	Housing:
 	Buy his book and read. a week.
 	Talk with agents here in the area - two hours.
 	Talk with agents in Florida - two hours.
 	Talk with banks about financing - two hours.
 	Analyze 100 opportunities 80 hours.
 	דיפמאני
 	What they sent in the mail - 8 hours.
 	Do the course of rnn when he left - a week.
 	Assemble a system from 0 - week.
 	קוורדר
 	Talk with a friend of Ben's זריהן - hour.
 	Try to advertise the system with the clearing - 12 hours.
 	Try to use the publicity of Faber - 4 hours.
 	Physics
 	To calculate the probabilities of the particles to move from side to side - 4 hours.
 	To use the simulator more believable than 12 hours.
 	פייגיים
 	פיימאנק
 	Unity
 	What of all this, I want to do?
 	I'll do the minimum necessary to advance projects in second (דיפמאני, קוורדר and physics)
 	The rest of the time will be devoted to the project central right now he's investing in real, " the estate
 	So we're here and it's already obvious.
 	But what do we do from here?
 	What do you do from there?
 	Who are the people that raise it on the reporter
 	Who are the people that rip it from the reporter
 	Why would they do that
 	Where Are we going?
 	Where we're going?
 	And where did we come from?
 	From the belly of history.
 	And out her pussy.
 	What is the proper word?
 	Vagina?
 	Every moment is a birth
 	Every moment is death.
 	All the moments and even one of them.
 	Who are the people who don't think like that.
 	The people who are so.
 	What that means
 	What is it
 	What
 	Ok hello so what I wanted to say was they believe that justice is not being done.
 	Does any questions should go to I was diagnosed we have to work hard to succeed in this inter we need to make peace Elder, we have to send love letters.
 	עיחליכ
 	ייייח עעעמ let me know moving moda
 	Entertainment - interesting, good information
 	Money -
 	Health -
 	House - protection, health
 	Transportation - physical movement
 	Food - health
 	Cloth - interesting, health
 	Communication (Information)  - information movement
 	we are animal with information generation, and transportation, and consumption
 	office - money
 	sales - product / money
 	food service - food service
 	transportation - transportation
 	production - product
 	education - information, communication
 	health - health
 	business - money
 	management - money
 	product installation maintenance - product
 	construction - house
 	building maintenance - house
 	personal care service -
 	health support - health
 	computer and math - information, communication
 	protection service - health
 	architecture and engineering - production
 	social service -  money
 	art, entertainment - entertainment
 	life, physical, social science - information, communication
 	legal - money
 	agriculture - food production
 	goods:
 	durable:
 	motor - transport
 	household - house
 	recreational - entertainment
 	other
 	nondurable
 	food - food
 	clothing
 	gas, energy - transport, house
 	services
 	household
 	housing, utility - house
 	health care - health
 	transportation - transportation
 	recreation - entertainment
 	food - food
 	finance - money
 	other
 	Seven more years God willing I'm coming out free from work.
 	While it won't be free from,
 	But at least I have ten hours a day five days a week to do what I want.
 	What I'd like?
 	Don't know
 	Probably going to change.
 	Right now I'm working on הqr this
 	You might release me before the end of the seven years.
 	Although a project like this should take on the order of a few years ago.
 	So if you already have a project, why not something that interests me.
 	Suppose language processing
 	The end goal is that a computer can understand speech
 	To pass the Turing Test
 	But what is it to understand?
 	Have a representation of what it's about
 	Have a model of what was said.
 	He could make the text a model for three-dimensional
 	But what about abstract ideas?
 	How do you imagine a "hello" or "what's up" the
 	How children learn to talk?
 	At first, they're talking " gibberish.
 	Then slowly they're waiting for what others say.
 	The "father" is the "mother" is
 	Baby Talk: The 15 Most Common First Words
 	1. Dad (or Dada, Daddy, Papa, etc.)
 	2. Mom (or Mama, Mommy, Mum, etc.)
 	3. Hi (or Hiya, Hey, Heya, Hello)
 	4. Buba (or Bub or#)
 	5. Dog (or Doggy, Puppy)
 	6. Ball
 	7. No
 	8. Cat (or Kitty)
 	9. Nana
 	10. Bye
 	11. Duck
 	12. Ta (or Tata)
 	13. Baby
 	14. Uh oh
 	15. Car
 	It is words that a child hears a lot.
 	The kid is waiting for the environment.
 	When you're studying language, what words first?
 	Words most common
 	But when you're studying a language, we already have a representation of things in the head.
 	Maybe you can learn it all from movies?
 	Subtitles it language.
 	What with movies for kids.
 	Need to check a machine that uses the principle of "firing together and attached together, the"
 	Maybe I'll have more insights after the course
 	What about predict the three-dimensional video?
 	There are many things you can do.
 	Do I even need an imagination and visual?
 	Are blind people less intelligent than the rest?
 	How blind imagine?
 	I have too many places with things to do.
 	Miles
 	Reading list
 	Asana
 	Tasks
 	How do I Center everything?
 	It's similar to what happens at work.
 	Big time all tasks must be באסאנה
 	I need to download more than I puts things List Reading.
 	The e-mails. I can also insert
 	Big e-mails that בדכ matters more pressing
 	But I just need to put them on with a date
 	List reading Don't really work
 	I don't deserve everything.
 	At work, I'm barely finishing up the What out there by a mile
 	I just need to decide what's important.
 	Also the list is not synchronized between browsers
 	Name - realtor.com
 	Zipcode - realtor.com
 	Region - realtor.com
 	Price - realtor.com + zillow
 	Rent - zillow
 	Insurance - realtor.com
 	HOA - realtor.com
 	Tax - realtor.com
 	Repairs - fixed
 	Mgmt fees - fixed
 	Vacancy - calculated
 	Downpayment - calculated
 	Loan payment - calculated
 	Expenses - calculated
 	Income - calculated
 	Total - calculated
 	Return - calculated
 	Thing we have two letters meant that their is to know, a thousand and learn, and the way we train is mainly using the word no.
 	Government, Business, Private
 	The Private:
 	Consumption
 	Job
 	Tax
 	Law
 	Business:
 	Investment
 	Hire
 	Sales
 	Tax
 	Law
 	Government
 	Consumption
 	Tax revenue
 	Law
 	Business:
 	Choose business/product
 	invest in machinery, employees and transportation
 	Get profit according to demand
 	Private:
 	Eat
 	Work
 	Socialize
 	Sleep
 	What to do
 	What am I doing with my life.
 	Come on let's free the video.
 	Or maybe we'll pay ~40$ for a video מפייבר
 	Or make something alone.
 	I was really glad to be able to do videos.
 	But it requires a lot of energy.
 	I can do the presentation easily.
 	I can also add animation
 	But how do I add characters
 	If you could add גיפים like you can add קליפארט
 	You can, but it's not just
 	Looks like the options are:
 	15. photoshop 34 (0.5%)
 	11. after effects 23 (0.4%)
 	32. powerpoint 17 (0.3%)
 	42. sketchup 13 (0.2%)
 	52. powtoon 9 (0.1%)
 	57. maya 9 (0.1%)
 	69. iclone 8 (0.1%)
 	72. videoscribe 7 (0.1%)
 	81. cs6 7 (0.1%)
 	96. blender 6 (0.1%)
 	98. premiere 6 (0.1%)
 	177. adobe flash 4 (0.1%)
 	160. inventor 4 (0.1%)
 	163. roblox 4 (0.1%)
 	173. unity 4 (0.1%)
 	Photoshop/fire Effects/Premiere/cs6/flash costs something like 50$ a month, and that requires some work.
 	פאוטונס costs a$ 80 minimum, but you can get a version free with their logo.
 	פאוארפוינט I have free - but it requires a little more work.
 	Video the Latin Quarter, it's like פאוטונס but maybe cheaper but with less options
 	Sketch pin up's/inventor's למידול three-dimensional
 	Maya/אייקלון/blender/רובלוקס/unity that is three-dimensional
 	If the algorithm doesn't work, what do I do?
 	It's true that every one has a desire to maximize the return and minimize the risk,
 	But we also have a limit for the amount of work we want to perform at a certain point.
 	If I am now looking at the alphas possible my, I may not take one or the other because you would be too much work in the short term.
 	Not a good situation, I write like that all the time.
 	It feels like the army.
 	I went back to the frame
 	In release ובטכניון I didn't do it.
 	Also בויצמן I don't think I did it.
 	I can check out!
 	2008 - at the Technion wrote a little
 	2013-2010 - wrote once or twice.
 	2014 - 5 times
 	2015 - pretty much
 	2015 - now - a-lot.
 	It gets worse.
 	I focus on the past or the future instead of the here and now
 	Focus on the here and now may make you more happy, but less smart.
 	It seems to me
 	Pretty sure about happy but not sure about the smart one.
 	So why am I doing this?
 	Order
 	Maybe when I get home from work, I'll feel it
 	Maybe it's work.
 	Maybe it's the woman.
 	If you divide each day into three.
 	So really it's five, two for sleeping and three awake?
 	Two-thirds of going to work in the middle of " the ... 
 	One-third can go to the family.
 	Right now I'm giving half a third a woman.
 	ובסופש I'm giving a day and a third (if not counting sleep)
 	So 10 parts are going to work.
 	0.5*5+4=6.25 family.
 	I left
 	2.5+2=4.5
 	But suppose the freedom I'm getting the 10, and the family can stay 11.
 	Maybe I should take another part of
 	I want myself 11, the family can get a 10 and all is well.
 	E decision is also a decision.
 	She rejects the decision, the date of the late, and then I have to deal with the problem twice.
 	It basically creates a doubling of the problem.
 	All I can think about is that freedom.
 	I want to see beautiful things.
 	But I can't see beautiful things.
 	What beautiful things I can see here.
 	I can phone. to browse a minute on the cell phone.
 	Good phone not connecting לווייפיי
 	Big time I can browse without ווייפיי
 	But it's a shame about the data
 	Look inside if you want to see beautiful things.
 	Nothing crazy here
 	What do you do?
 	Nothing
 	So what you're saying.
 	Listen let's face it was cool to make money with machine learning annex is
 	Although שב500 I have an escort.
 	It's okay that's what I want.
 	It's like what's best for all parties
 	I don't want to leave.
 	I don't want to hurt
 	I'm going to escort girl behind your back...
 	Sounds really not like in the movies.
 	I would ask her.
 	But I don't want to hurt her.
 	The " Honey, I don't want to leave you, do you mind if I escort, right?"
 	Need two homes for an escort.
 	Delusional
 	You can't be Khan, " the so and girls I guess.
 	I want to start taking notes. בנוטבוק
 	Can I use בקולבורטורי this
 	But enough with Google
 	They got scary
 	I can establish an environment of my own.
 	Problem is, it's fucking bucks an hour.
 	Ten hours and ten bucks.
 	And Googled it free Big Time.
 	I can run from מהדרופבוקס
 	And what I'm doing on the phone?
 	That's the problem actually
 	You can't do that from my cell phone.
 	And there seems to be a solution for that right now.
 	Probably in the future.
 	I can open נוטבוק
 	But only if it is in the cloud and I can access it all the time.
 	Big I can do it.
 	Amazon EMR is a quarter.
 	That means I have 40 hours a month to get to 10$
 	If I work 50*20=1000 that comes out to 250$
 	A lot of
 	If I'm willing to pay 20$ let's say
 	Let's face it הוורסט case.
 	The average would probably be low.
 	But probably not by much.
 	And Googled it for free.
 	Okay so פלוידהאב that's$ 8 a month.
 	You can check it out.
 	And now I continue to write in Google Drive.
 	It's the most comfortable.
 	Maybe next time I pass, Floyd Sr.
 	I can't get through Floyd Sr.
 	As close as we overcome death is through a jeep to connect to the brain.
 	If the Jeep enough, this is similar to the cell brain, so we can replace cell a cell from the brain in the Jeep. Artificial, we're done, we'll live forever.
 	Suppose a neuron, artificial cost a million dollars (because that's the budget of a lab)
 	Every two years its price dropped in half, as long as Moore's law.
 	In 40 years a dollar.
 	Then in the 80 billion dollars we could build an artificial mind.
 	So to Double A small part, a quarter of a brain, $ 20 billion dollars.
 	In 60 years it will cost 20 million
 	Wallach's worth.
 	Maybe that will live forever.
 	You can't hear yourself from the side.
 	You can't see yourself from the side.
 	You can't know about yourself anything on the side.
 	You have no sense about what's happening on the side.
 	Deeds are evidence of the thoughts.
 	What I have in my head?
 	Politics
 	Who do I vote?
 	I don't know, everyone is corrupt
 	I need to do some a little research about the cost of housing prices
 	That's the thing Paul most disturbing, fucking 3 grand to the apartment it's crazy.
 	Besides this part of to go through the steps to give myself motivation, I need some things for and percent.
 	And then I really feel like I'm going through Achebe יבמנטס
 	And time framework in real terms
 	Although I don't know if times it's the most important thing.
 	I need to look for which direction I'm going
 	I have too many options and I don't know what to choose
 	I don't know what's important to me even
 	On some level I need to earn money, a certain amount to survive.
 	I also want to learn, but I don't know if it's worth it in a frame
 	I also don't want to suffer I want to be able to raise your head to think.
 	Interesting to know, writing code primarily on the subject of developing web
 	Interesting to me brain.
 	I don't know if it has any purpose, maybe it's too far away and this thing.
 	I don't know.
 	Basically, I need to earn something like 5 grand to hold my own.
 	And 5 grand for all offspring.
 	Although it's also 5 grand for me. I don't know if it's that feasible
 	How do I earn 5 Grand in something I love.
 	I need to see if I can get it as freelance
 	The problem is that as a freelance I don't put nothing pension.
 	What is interesting to me.
 	What I think about most of the time?
 	What are the concepts that appear the most in my writing?
 	Actually, it's a way Son of a bitch to know what's most interesting to me.
 	Actually, I care about how the brain works.
 	I think that in the future we won't have the people, the ideas will live on another platform
 	Care politics.
 	Care economics.
 	I love to write code
 	I love to philosophize
 	I like to ask questions.
 	I want a job where I can also work on what I want.
 	I want a job I'm going to win at least 12 net at some point (I need 5, for two kids I need more 5, and for another one sometime 2.5)
 	I want something to interest me.
 	Well, I need to think about the options:
 	Research brain.
 	Political science
 	Economics
 	Development Webb
 	Information security
 	Business management
 	I need to rank the options the tests I care about:
 	Interest
 	Match
 	Money
 	Free time
 	I need to give importance to each exam:
 	The most important thing - 10
 	Later free time - 8
 	Later Money - 7
 	And Match - 6
 	I need to rank each option with the ratings above:
 	I want half a job, so I can in to also develop personally why that interests me.
 	Therefore two options main are or research (ומלגת studies) or development of Webb.
 	If I'm going to research because of brain or development Webb, I'm losing the direction of Economics and social sciences/ state, and vice versa.
 	So maybe it's really better to find some part-time job in developing web
 	So what's the plan?
 	According to the data, Am I supposed to do between 7 to 10 percent a year and more between 7 to 10 years.
 	Because it's worth to concentrate on what interests me.
 	Big time interesting to me is machine learning, specifically, natural language
 	I was going to try to develop something in the field
 	There are some projects I can work on:
 	Predict the capital market, as I've already started
 	Predict the market to the real estate, or the value of a house.
 	To use processing language.
 	To predict the capital market
 	Predict the market to the real estate
 	Another area
 	Customer service
 	Secretary
 	I think at first I'll try my best. בקאגל
 	Because it's a supportive environment, big time.
 	It's also good for finding a job later on.
 	And there טאסקים of real estate and natural language
 	There is no Hazel I think
 	Where I'd like to see myself in 5 years?
 	Where I'd like to see myself at the end?
 	What dream?
 	To pass the Turing Test
 	Why am I bummed?
 	For no reason.
 	Actually really nice to me here.
 	With all the only ones.
 	Excerpt over at the café all one with himself.
 	ובפאב all together.
 	Although there are also the ones on the bar.
 	What fun to have a cell phone to write it.
 	Fuck Google
 	Although I could do it without them.
 	I need to focus my money.
 	It starts to grow
 	Although ambition I could invest some money in a safe way
 	אגח don't really give nothing it seems
 	I want a platform more than good to put these things.
 	I want to work on the project.
 	I need to decide on an apartment in SF
 	What else?
 	I need to get rid of work החזרתית at work.
 	Relocation
 	Don't know what to do...
 	Most I've got things to do I'm not doing anything...
 	I'm happy about הרימיינדרס
 	But I can't do anything there, because if it will be a day I will have an iPhone, so I can't get
 	I have so many tasks...
 	I need to order
 	Big time. there are several types of missions:
 	Money
 	Job
 	Relocation
 	Fluent
 	Project
 	Health
 	A doctor
 	רופש
 	My assignments are a lot of places.
 	Tasks related to work are ברימיינדרס, on radar, there is also Safari (all material reading)
 	For relocation has a target date, so he's kind of a priority.
 	At work I have an encyclopedia, קונברסיה, Spitz', באגספריי, גריידינג
 	Let's face it Wikipedia is very important because it is for all the languages
 	קונברסיה important right now, because it's out of focus.
 	גריידינג very important because it is in the end the real measure
 	באגספריי important because it allows a quick fix for everyone.
 	Spitz' it is important because there are a lot of problems.
 	The project should check out the update from ib
 	So what
 	I want a place to write my thoughts, too, will allow me to run code
 	I'd like something like גיטלב
 	Or ביטבאקט, with " shot missions, Vicki.
 	But nothing uncomfortable. like Google I guess
 	I don't feel anything...
 	Well, come on, what else?
 	What will you have?
 	Nothing
 	Don't need anything.
 	What is the one thing you enjoy doing now?
 	Sex with a bar.
 	Besides
 	Sex with someone she wasn't, Shiran
 	Why?
 	Don't know
 	What I'd like to build?
 	So gdp big wages + profit just bogus interest, rent, corporate profits
 	Court:
 	Under the sheet with derivative חסומותת function with a number of מינימות, when the number of steps aspires to infinity, the convergence (maybe בתוחלת maybe not?) Minimum global
 	This step derivative or minus the derivative (with probability 50%.)
 	When stride length is the maximum between changes in direction.
 	(This change is derived from this קסור)
 	Under the sheet with derivatives are blocked, a function with a number of מינימות, when the number of steps aspires to infinity, the convergence (maybe בתוחלת maybe not?) Minimum global
 	This step derivative or minus the derivative (with probability 50%.)
 	When stride length is the maximum between changes in direction (changing the direction it seems to me that the distance between מינימה together for the lovely local nearby)
 	That sounds about right no?
 	I want to check if this is true and not stupid.
 	Could be that it will broaden your ability to do גראדינט דיסנט also functions not convex
 	The Integral is the average
 	g(x) = (f(x)-f(x+h))/h
 	f(x) = g(x)*h+f(x+h)=g(x)*h+g(x+h)*h+f(x+2h)=
 	(x^2-(x+h)^2)/h=-2x-h
 	x^2=-2xh-h^2-2(x+h)h-h^2+(x+2h)^2
 	I don't know what I want
 	I don't know what I want.
 	This is crazy.
 	I hope that the other percentage of these will be enough for Make Me A Millionaire in a year, so I can focus on developing artificial intelligence.
 	I want to write here, and build something in it.
 	You can run it ושיעבוד
 	I can write באקליפס
 	But there the Hebrew is less good.
 	And there's no formatting of the text
 	So what do I care?
 	Maybe the best in the terminal.
 	Oh there's nothing
 	There is no interest.
 	Boring
 	I'm supposed to embrace the boredom
 	But I don't want to do what I'm supposed to.
 	I want to do what I want.
 	And it won't be boring to me.
 	So, what else?
 	Walla don't know.
 	I'm already dead to buy a house.
 	Get a 10%
 	Have to work only 5 more years.
 	A. need to see some 100 apartments.
 	To offer 10 suggestions.
 	There's way better in California.
 	I also need to see what
 	Who's right?
 	What it claims:
 	* Hamas: we want a Palestinian state / we want all of Israel
 	* * * Israel: the cessation of rocket fire and the tunnels.
 	Could be that both sides are right:
 	Hamas need to stop with the Rockets and building tunnels.
 	And Israel should let Palestinian state for the Palestinian people
 	Why not?
 	Hamas will never stop because they want to create Press International on Israel to allow independence.
 	Israel doesn't want to allow a country to a terrorist organization
 	Through a solution:
 	Israel should allow better terms to the part not controlled by Hamas, and thus cause preference of the PLO for Hamas
 	And thus bring down the Hamas
 	Is that what they want? Good conditions? Or they want freedom at the level of cultural (religious)
 	I guess there's and there's, like, we a large percentage would like to quest-level cultural
 	If yes, there is competition, both nations want freedom on the level of cultural, how can we solve it?
 	Democracy?
 	Judging by the amount of people on each side who wants a thing?
 	I guess all the Palestinians want independence: I mean 4.6 million.
 	We have only about one-third from the political map, I mean a third of the people, 8/3 = 2.666 million want to prevent independence.
 	Politically a Democrat they deserve
 	I guess that you've got the size of about half of the Palestinians want to destroy US, 2.3 million, and Israel wants to stay alive (except for maybe who he wants to be Palestinian, let's say an order of magnitude of half of the population is Arab (which is about one-fifth of the population): 9/10 * 8 = 7
 	Politically a Democrat, Our Right to exist.
 	Is democracy is a method of decision decisions.... right?
 	(Leadership means making a decision?)
 	Does a decision have to make according to the will of the majority?
 	Alternatives:
 	* According to who wants more.
 	* According to who's stronger than
 	* According to someone smarter.
 	* According to who is rich anymore.
 	* According to who שהסתגל better for the environment
 	* Random
 	* According to the ruler of random
 	What are the selection criteria?
 	Maximizing happiness.
 	Maximizing freedom.
 	Maximizing equality.
 	Maximizing information.
 	Roles of government:
 	Security - civilian security (reduction in fear)
 	Education - the acquisition of information and culture to citizens
 	Health - the health of our citizens
 	Law and Justice - maintaining law and order and civil
 	Out - of- normal relations with other countries.
 	Interior - police, civilian security, immigration. Local government, and construction.
 	Infrastructure - the acquisition of infrastructure
 	Culture - instilling a culture to civilians.
 	Communication - facilitating the communication (the information) to civilians.
 	Agriculture - food production
 	Economy Trade and industry - increasing economy (measured in money)
 	Energy - imparting energy.
 	Science cultivation of science (increasing the amount of information.)
 	Treasure - distribution of money in government.
 	(Social welfare)
 	Ranks of privatization (in my opinion):
 	Government - to- government (management - decisions)
 	Administration - Treasury (budgeting - government decisions economic)
 	Administration - law (law - limiting decisions)
 	Administration - Homeland Security (enforcing restrictions)
 	Security (providing security of the citizen)
 	Development of the economy (infrastructure, transportation, communication) (improving the economy)
 	Economy (agriculture, energy, commerce) (keeping on the economy.)
 	Development - Company (improvement company)
 	- Company welfare (equality)
 	Company - National Insurance (Health and security, and civil liberties.)
 	Company - Health (Health and The Citizen)
 	Company - Higher Education (providing information)
 	Company - education (providing information and culture)
 	Needs:
 	Information
 	Equality.
 	Freedom (Act)
 	Money
 	Security
 	Health
 	According to budget:
 	Budget 286G = 71%
 	Security 51G = 12%
 	Administration and 45G = 11%
 	Government 3G = 1%
 	Treasure, 2G
 	Face, 0.3 G
 	Homeland Security 13G = 3%
 	Sentences, 3G = 1%
 	Besides, 1.6 G
 	Culture and science 1.1 G
 	Benefits and compensation 15G = 3%
 	Different 5G = 1%
 	Local authorities 3.5 G = 1%
 	Company 127G = 32%
 	Education, 44G = 12%
 	Higher education 10G = 2.5%
 	Welfare, 5.5 G = 1%
 	Health, 23G = 4.5%
 	Social Security, 31G = 7.5%
 	Construction and housing 0.1 G
 	Different 7G = 2%
 	Economics 10G = 2.5%
 	Agriculture 0.5 G
 	Energy 0.2 G
 	Economics 3.6 G = 1%
 	Support in the economy, 2G
 	Communication 0.05 G
 	Infrastructure 0.5 G
 	Construction and housing 2G
 	Interest 41G = 10%
 	Reserve 7G = 2%
 	Development budget account 119G = 29%
 	Development 22G = 5%
 	Administration 0.8 G
 	Girlfriend 3.5 G = 1%
 	Education 1.8 G
 	Health 0.3 G
 	Housing 1.3 G
 	Household 18G =4%
 	Transportation 13G
 	Tourism 0.5 G
 	Water 1.3 G
 	Different 3.4 G
 	Duties 96G = 25%
 	Social Security 10G =2.5%
 	In order:
 	Development - duties 96G = 25%
 	Security 51G = 12%
 	Company - education, 44G = 12%
 	Interest 41G = 10%
 	Company - National Insurance, 31G = 7.5%
 	Company - health, 23G = 4.5%
 	Development - farm 18G =4%
 	Administration - benefits and compensation 15G = 3%
 	Administration - Homeland Security 13G = 3%
 	Company - Higher Education 10G = 2.5%
 	Economics 10G = 2.5%
 	Reserve 7G = 2%
 	Company - welfare, 5.5 G = 1%
 	Administration - various 5G = 1%
 	Girlfriend - various 5G = 1%
 	Development - company. 3.5 G = 1%
 	Administration - government 3G = 1%
 	Governance - law, 3G = 1%
 	The other ~ 5%
 	Income 395G
 	Receipts current 280G = 70%
 	Taxes and payments required 235G = 58%
 	Income tax and property 112G = 28%
 	Income tax 94G = 24%
 	VAT on nonprofit institutions and financial 12G = 3%
 	Purchase tax 4G = 1%
 	Tax expense 123G = 30%
 	Customs 2.4 G
 	VAT 81G = 20%
 	Sales tax 16G = 4%
 	Tax gas 16G = 4%
 	Fees and licenses 6G = 1.5%
 	Interest and profits 1G
 	Royalty-1G
 	Receipts 1G
 	( Transfer מתקבולים account capital 40G = 10%)
 	Receipts ממלוות account capital 115G = 30%
 	Refund investments government. 5G = 1%
 	Revenue capital 1G
 	In the country 128G = 32%
 	In from abroad, 20.5 G = 5%
 	Independence and development of 4G = 1%
 	The United States
 	Confidence 9G = 2%
 	Another 8G = 2%
 	( Transfer מתקבולים account capital 40G)
 	In order:
 	In the country 128G = 32%
 	Tax expense 123G = 30%
 	Income tax and property 112G = 28%
 	In from abroad, 20.5 G = 5%
 	The rest 5%
 	VAT is of the order of 16%
 	I mean the income of 3.5 M people, who earn an average of 9K a month ~ 110K per year is 385G
 	Income tax an average 112/385 = 30%
 	The expenditure is supposed to be 123*6 = 740G or 80*6 = 480G without sales tax and fuel fees
 	Need to do kind of Stack אוברפלואו details I'm asking questions and then answering them in the face.
 	Options:
 	Use what stack overflow open source
 	Write everything down in the documents drive.
 	Use באסאנה for it.
 	Use the tasks of your iPhone?
 	Advantages disadvantages
 	Add another stack overflow it's a little over kill. I also need a server to store it.
 	To register at a drive through is convenient and accessible from anywhere.
 	Asana brings together the missions of privacy but is still not baked completely and I also have the tasks
 	I'm trying not to use tasks for things private
 	So good to drive.
 	I also want to get rid of all the tabs open
 	And emails
 	And of all the missions
 	Right now most of my personal life is concentrated in this apartment in Florida.
 	What are my goals for the year?
 	I want to buy 2 apartments get me ~600$ a month.
 	If I do it every year in 7 years I'm done
 	If 700$ in 6
 	800$ in 5, that's if I manage to collect enough money to buy 2 every year.
 	It's not so feasible, but in 4-5 years it will be feasible
 	So that's 2 this year, maybe 2 next year, wait 1, 1, then again 1 or 2 then 2
 	And we're done in 5 or 6
 	I have no more goals?
 	I want to be free, so that's all I see
 	There is also the part of children.
 	There is also the part of machine learning
 	I want to do the last course of Andrew ing
 	I want to save 40k at least
 	Inhaled 48k, and 48k
 	Right now I'm getting 60, and it seems to me that a lot of that is because of apartment.
 	Need to move to Berkeley.
 	I want to concentrate my notes.
 	Asana is not baked enough it feels, I missed the memo, it's not listed in the log properly, והלוגיקה of reminders, recurring no good
 	I would be glad if it was open source, best Python, and I can contribute to
 	What's the big picture?
 	Don't know
 	I just want to be free.
 	Now I'm giving you 8-18 Monday to Friday to work.
 	It 50/168 =~ one-third
 	I'm also giving 8 hours 24 sleep, it's more a third.
 	What do I have left?
 	The third one?
 	62 hours?
 	And I'm half working with them.
 	My head is full of
 	I think because of the real estate
 	All the tabs open
 	I'm trying to find some which broker virtual to use
 	Has the strength finder to look for strengths, it's one of Herbie's acquaintance.
 	To look on yelp to figure out the distribution business.
 	Deal מהקבוצת מיטאפ
 	Links from visiting מהקבוצת מיטאפ
 	Automated valuation model
 	Programming:
 	Wooey
 	Zipline for trading algorithms
 	...
 	Assets on turnkey
 	Markets best לנדלן
 	Trading barrage
 	HomeScout - site search real estate
 	What to Review in HOA Documents When Buying
 	Case Schiller.
 	Jumbo loans
 	I can't add בוקמרקס because it's not Safari
 	The fact is that it should be the other way around, I need to add all Firefox.
 	But when I read all this...
 	I have too much todo.
 	All שבאסאנה
 	The tabs open
 	Miles wasn't done.
 	Investment Realty attorney
 	So how do I stop it?
 	What do I do with the tabs?
 	Emails?
 	How do I order the investments, it comes as a surprise, relatively.
 	How do I organize the information?
 	I need to read from a list of reading every day, not of work, of the House.
 	It's the tabs
 	Emails?
 	I can keep them, but when I got them?
 	It's actually remarkably like work.
 	Investment Realty attorney just happen.
 	I'd like to have a way to program on my phone
 	I can buy that app for 10
 	Not a problem
 	Next
 	What do you want to do this weekend?
 	I'm upset I didn't get an offer from JP
 	Don't know
 	I want a neat place to write in, Vicky.
 	With Hebrew support
 	You can be able to make it on missions.
 	Wallach didn't know.
 	I want to be able to create code from iPad
 	But right now it looks like it's not really supported
 	The fact is enough base code, and " a backlist that I can look at if it really works.
 	A container is divided into two.
 	On one side large particles and slow to small and fast
 	Side two blank.
 	Partition transports only small particles (like a sieve)
 	So at the end of side one speed higher
 	Entropy went down without investing energy.
 	Can we make the transition, not symmetrical, for example a lot of holes on one side merging into except for holes on the other side.
 	On the one hand I want to day I'm doing what I want.
 	On the other hand, in the end I'm not doing anything.
 	Don't know what to do with this life.
 	Where days where days.
 	Quite the poet I
 	What?
 	Why Capps Luke doesn't spend written in Hebrew between the written pattern.
 	Lol
 	Idea: wireless usb cable
 	I want my life in order.
 	Right now, it's all here.
 	But from here I can't begin to write code.
 	But כשרושמים code tricky to write in Hebrew.
 	It is also not convenient for tasks
 	I don't really know what I want.
 	I want a million dollars.
 	For that I need to do to 0.6 percent annually, and save the same amount I'm spending
 	Then get in million within 12 years.
 	He's all the time picking glasses his curves,
 	And then checking on a level surface and see that they're not Crooked.
 	And he didn't realize that this is not glasses curves, it is
 	"No, no, it's not" yes."
 	For example, if you want something wrong and find proof, it doesn't mean he is.
 	Why the hell should I input
 	The Matrix is going to happen with one difference... we don't have batteries
 	We spend and energy in the same amount
 	It's actually not the definition of batteries, batteries inserting and extract the same amount of energy, but put them the amount that כשטוענים them, what's good about them is that they fall apart easy and don't need direct contact to electricity
 	Electricity is produced from otherwise, it arises usually from burning of fuel, the fuel is organic material that contains energy, the truth that we, too, but he's much more focused because he was the center of the Earth, probably more focused than what it costs to get him.
 	So, in reality, also this fuel batteries, why not put fire on the phone?
 	Fire should burn, the battery has a chemical reaction controlled that makes it, truth, too, in our body movement controlled,
 	Why don't We phone the energy of our body, because it is low, wow soon, there won't be enough energy in the world to calculate! Calculation size exponentially, and the energy No, I believe it is resolved, but it needs to happen soon, maybe go for solar energy, wow it's like an explosion, like light the Earth on fire.
 	It's genius to use the creature Sammy may be living cells, biological, and converted into a direct carbon (or organic matter) into electricity.
 	Ask fast:fast without thinking 60 * 60 equals 360? Fast! Yes? Yes? Yes? Ahhh you missed
 	I beat Shauna argument:
 	I said that Monica and Ross are at the center friends and she told Rachel about the money, and then I told everyone to friends only right they are the middle of friends, and she agreed with me.
 	How do I make the most out of today?
 	What do I want to accomplish?
 	I don't know
 	If you don't know where you want to go, it doesn't matter which direction you take.
 	I build this, put 30k, get 300
 	I move on to duplex, 50k, get 500
 	I need 10 of those.
 	Can I do 2 each year?
 	50k should get me 500 a month
 	I should be getting 1500 right now
 	2000 next year - 24k a year
 	2500 the year after - 30k a year
 	3500 the year after that - 36k
 	4000 the year after that - 42k
 	Multiply by 3 it's not a problem.
 	Just כופלים the number 2 and add the number.
 	For example:
 	10110101101
 	3*
 	=
 	101101011010
 	10110101101+
 	=
 	1000100000111
 	Part Two this is the action the opposite, need to find a few if you miss it and share the result in two get the same number
 	For example
 	1000100000111
 	-abcdefghijkl
 	=
 	Abcdefghijkl0
 	Before:
 	M1 = 100g
 	M2 = 1g
 	V1 = 10m/s
 	V2 = 0
 	After:
 	M1*V1+M2*V2=M1*V1’+M2*V2’
 	1000=100*V1’+V2’
 	M1*V1^2+M2*V2^2=M1*V1’^2+M2*V2’^2
 	10000=100*V1’^2+V2’^2
 	(1000-100V1’)^2=(10000-100*V1’^2)
 	10000*(10-V1’)^2=10000*(1-1/100*V1’^2)
 	99-20V1’+(101/100)*V1’^2=0
 	(10-(1/100)*V2’)^2=V1’^2
 	100-(1/100)*V2’^2=V1’^2
 	100-20/100*V2’+(1/10000)*V2’^2=100-(1/100)*V2’^2
 	(101/10000)*V2’^2=2/10*V2’
 	V2’=20000/1010~=20
 	M1(V1-V1’)=M2(V2-V2’)
 	M1(V1^2-V1’^2)=M2(V2^2-V2’^2)
 	How can I write code on my phone
 	Let's face it using vim
 	But then a little hard to write in Hebrew.
 	Maybe, anyway it's better to write in English.
 	chimp:
 	behaviour:
 	diet: omnivorous (common chimp), fruits (bonobo) - food
 	culture: patriarchal (common chimp), matriarchal (bonobo) -
 	social behaviour (bonobo):
 	strong son mother bond.
 	male hierarchy determined through competition for females
 	female travel to different group after puberty
 	tool usage: production
 	nest building: production
 	altruism:
 	communication:  (noun - verb) (information)
 	aggression:
 	hunting: food
 	puzzle solving: entertainment
 	actions:
 	move (direction)
 	fight
 	talk (share information)
 	produce (hunting tool, gathering tool, nest)
 	objects:
 	location
 	strength
 	information
 	tool
 	house
 	Okay so....
 	What I'm doing.
 	What am I doing next week?
 	Work on forecasting the market? For a natural language?
 	Maybe you can combine?
 	Natural language in the capital market?
 	It requires comprehension
 	I need to know how to read the reports of stocks
 	The goal to avoid the fall next
 	And get ~10% on the money.
 	10% seven years 7% for ten years.
 	So what I want to do with natural language?
 	I want to talk to him.
 	ושיענה me.
 	Theory:
 	When an empire controls, the rate of growth (population) to its reporting and small, and it makes להחלשות in the long run
 	When you have a place with wars still (not under the rule of an empire) the rate the tumor is growing (like a baby boom). That's what creates loop historical.
 	Can we maybe see it in Greece and Rome, Rome ruled over a 1000 years, during this time, could the growth rate of its decrease, then it could be a situation the Vikings, וההונים bred stronger. meanwhile,
 	Maybe that's what's happening today, כשבעולם West the rate of growth is able to moderate and Muslim is still a high rate.
 	Could it be that today the amount of population has been less significant, thanks to the power of technology. Best technology wins, not the most quantity. If that technological progress depends indirectly the amount of people.
 	When you have more children have less energy addressed to every one of them, it creates a population of less quality.
 	When 100K byte (1000 ^ 2 bytes), so basically it will be twice 300 ^ 2 and not once.
 	A player can move to 4 directions and probably in 64 steps.
 	The board can move to 4 directions for 6 cubes (24 ~ 32 directions) must within 24 ~ 32 steps.
 	So we take all"as
 	4 ^ 64 = 2 ^ 2*64 = 2 ^ 128
 	32 ^ 24 = 2 ^ 5*24 = 2 ^ 120
 	if corner and a box is not on target
 	I'd rather concentrate on what I'm interested in
 	I will not create code language New sure.
 	I need how you can use what exists and add only what interests me.
 	Every day I have 24 hours.
 	Fabric to " about this 8 bedroom 8 Work 8 my
 	וסופש it was two days of 8 hours of sleep 8 hours. my
 	In my time I have errands to run and family.
 	All we need for an agreement:
 	a de-militarized Palestinian state,
 	an Israeli withdrawal to the Green Line with equal territorial exchange,
 	a family unification in Israel of 100,000 Palestinian refugees,
 	West Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and East Jerusalem as the capital of Palestine,
 	the Jewish Quarter and the Western Wall under Israeli sovereignty and the Muslim and Christian quarters and the al Haram al Sharif/Temple Mount under Palestinian sovereignty,
 	and the end of the conflict and claims
 	the Palestinians recognize Israel as a Jewish state, including the historic and religious ties to the land
 	Israel recognized the Arab and Muslim character of the Palestinian state
 	Source:
 	http://www.pcpsr.org/en/node/696
 	אז מה המטרות לחצי שנה הקרובה?
 	אולי לשנה הקרובה?
 	ואז שנה הבאה אחשוב על מטרות שוב
 	Another little new year's Eve the truth.
 	Actually in a few months.
 	So what are the targets?
 	Four doors
 	A start-up natural language, or investments or real estate, " the estate
 	What exactly is the status of start-up?
 	Don't know
 	Now I can say that there is a start-up
 	What are the stages of a start-up
 	Maybe פרוטוטייפ works.
 	How do I know it's time to move on?
 	Through a team of machine learning annex is
 	What about physics? The experiment of the doors?
 	What about learning things?
 	Also need room for stuff I didn't plan on
 	The problem is that I don't have time for this.
 	About a day בסופש going on trips/social activities/things with Shiran
 	Let's see
 	By seven I'm playing/doing פקלים
 	Until seven and a half I was ברדיט
 	Up to eight (and a half) I did the lesson of Google.
 	Until ~ten I ate dinner and saw a show with Shauna
 	Now I have left about an hour and continue to work...
 	Not so much
 	How can I fix this better?
 	I was happy to do this at the end let's say. You can eat and then decide after ten and a half, I stop and we see a series
 	There are normally 4 parts, overall can be divided according to meals, morning, until noon (8-12), noon until the afternoon (12-4) this afternoon to " a till evening (4-8) and evening until night (8-12)
 	Yes, it's without meals, distribution more real this morning until lunch (8-12) lunch (12-13) lunch until dinner (13-18) dinner (say 18-19) and evening until night (19-23) and the rest is sleep.
 	Let's face it dinner later, the canvas " is approximately seven
 	So a third day supposed to be mine, and I have a Week 5 thirds in the middle of the week and another 6 this weekend, " the ... 
 	Truth שבסופש I don't work like באמצש
 	But suppose that one day has to stay free, so I actually have 8 thirds, but not really, because a lot of times there are things in the middle.
 	It take all the " so almost 3 days a week, that's great, it's not even 4 days of work, almost a full-time job.
 	The question is what do I do with them. So Saturday don't work, or are planning to, that's cool.
 	Big time. I need half a million dollars to retire, in the meantime, I've got a quarter of it after a year in the US, one in and a year and a half in France. I don't remember actually how much I had in France. Basically what they have in France that I have investments in France, about 50 thousand. Then 75 a year in the USA? How it happened, I built about 50, and according to my math, I only get 40 because of that our apartment would happen.
 	Anyway.... up to 500 now, if I save 50 a year, that's another 7.5 years without a capital gain, it's cool.
 	If Real Estate, " the estate really works, it can also be 5 years, if I buy 4 doors (80 thousand) per year.
 	How 80 a year? 50 than I saved in the same year, and 30 more than what you've already saved enough for 4 years but the last year has been the more you earn.)
 	80*5 = 400 should be enough, because in real " the estate yield higher.
 	So between 5 and 7.5 for independence.
 	At this time I can work on a startup in the field that interests me, for example language processing
 	Or try to speed it up with system learning.
 	But what kind of startup?
 	Maybe it will come alone.
 	So what did we have?
 	Plan an annual
 	Maybe you need five-year plan?
 	Five more years, I want to be free financially.
 	In the meantime, the plan is through real estate, " the estate
 	Maybe I need to move everything to the shares
 	Now the question is if you put באינטראקטיב ברוקרס or רובינהוד
 	The advantage באינטראקטיב that he interfaces with mint, so if רובינהוד was interfacing with mint, I had no doubt.
 	But רובינהוד is free.
 	The question if the ten bucks a month worth המינט this
 	I don't think I would pay ten bucks for Mint
 	Maybe yes
 	But here I can still use במינט, I only need to update once a month about the status of investments.
 	It just takes a minute.
 	Ten bucks a minute that's a lot of...
 	I think I'll stay במינט
 	I meant רובינהוד
 	So every six months I get 7-9k ESPP, 7k RSU and every month I get a 1330 to a 401k which is about 8k in six months.
 	It says that in the year I get 14+16+16=46 which is about 4 month.
 	That's what I'm planning to get
 	And that's without additional bonuses
 	So all in all I'm way too without moving.
 	Still I think we should
 	Or at least Shiran, start working, and pay a little.
 	But it's all good
 	So what did we have?
 	What's the plan Jake?
 	To be free
 	What else?
 	Start start-up processing language...
 	To do what?
 	Don't know
 	What I'd like to see?
 	Or what will break first if we stop talking?
 	I stop to talk and use language, what's going on?
 	I get up in the morning, it's all the same
 	Dress up, go pee, brush teeth, deodorant, breakfast,
 	Getting on a bus, going to work,
 	Don't tell anyone Hello, I can raise my hand if anyone's looking
 	Open computer, then I can't do anything.
 	Can't develop anything, can't fix anything.
 	Can go to meetings, but can't contribute anything.
 	Can buy lunch, and eat it.
 	Can't go back home.
 	Can see TV.
 	Can't work on projects
 	Can do sex.
 	Can take a shower.
 	Can go to sleep.
 	Basically the main thing it's all to do with work.
 	So, what's the most important job,
 	I guess that without farmers, we'd be dead
 	Also no parents were dead.
 	But these two things we can do without language.
 	The next thing was teaching
 	It seems to me like it could be cool if there was a teacher robot.
 	It can be great!
 	What's the job with the biggest market?
 	It looks like that:
 	Management
 	Sales
 	Clerical
 	Accounting
 	Customer service
 	Law
 	Secretaries
 	Software development
 	Teaching
 	Financial management.
 	All of these can be replaced by probably partially by a " system learning.
 	Of these the most interesting: Management, Law, software development and teaching
 	Well...
 	So what else
 	I want to smoke, but we're going to the fair.
 	I can smoke at the fair.
 	But I want to smoke with myself.
 	Well, maybe tomorrow.
 	What it maybe
 	Tomorrow
 	What else?
 	Not too much
 	I have this physics test
 	But it gets complicated.
 	I wanted a simulator just
 	But it seems that the simulator is not really perfect.
 	What else?
 	No more
 	I still don't know exactly how to manage tasks.
 	I'm doing the course of Google, which is cool.
 	Until next week probably I'll finish
 	What I want to do?
 	Coke and hookers...
 	So what there's nothing except?
 	I don't know...
 	What about computer games?
 	סיביליזציה?
 	To rule the world.
 	Cook's is addictive...
 	What I want to do?
 	Why is this question so hard?
 	Just register
 	How had all sorts of things in all kinds of situations
 	Situations
 	What a tricky word
 	Why it's complicated.
 	It's not supposed to be simple.
 	Because it general.
 	Also it's not that simple.
 	What's the word. as simple as that?
 	What
 	It's a more simple momma.
 	If words were created according to their simplicity, what should be one of the first words
 	Also why
 	So interesting words me?
 	Why?
 	Can I ask why forever.
 	And then where would we be?
 	For something with no answer.
 	Why do we care about the " why " is?
 	Why why so important?
 	Because it helps us predict the future.
 	If we know why something happened, given the same conditions, we can predict the same thing will happen again.
 	It's a logical explanation.
 	Might have been cool if there was someone to talk to about it.
 	But someone who understands interest.
 	Actually, one could take forums information
 	Or buy or something.
 	And write good answers in the forums
 	Then break the Turing...
 	Ugh
 	It feels a little forced.
 	So, what else?
 	Tell me something
 	What do you have in mind?
 	Why am I writing sentences in lines.
 	That's a point.
 	Easier to press 'Enter'. over the period.
 	It makes sense
 	It also seems more organized.
 	Less heavy
 	Okay,
 	What you want to think?
 	Nothing
 	Just be
 	Pretty to think
 	Live your life without thinking.
 	Like an animal.
 	As soon as something to think about ... it will come alone.
 	But what to do?
 	Meditation?
 	I can do it.
 	I can go to the circle meditation
 	Or to do meditation at home.
 	Or just sit there and stare at something.
 	I can stare at the screen TV.
 	The benefit of meditation, you were staring at in.
 	Inside my more interesting.
 	Actually not sure
 	It's pretty condescending to say.
 	Okay
 	So, another idea?
 	I could stare at Kennedy crash
 	It's also a type of occupational therapy
 	Spend my life staring at Kennedy crash
 	It is also an idea.
 	Why not meditation?
 	What about a book?
 	Also this book is not staring out in.
 	If I want to stare in, it has to be meditation.
 	There is no alternative?
 	There is something you do and then staring in?
 	I can go
 	Or run
 	It's an idea
 	Just hanging out
 	You can also go maybe
 	Or riding a bike.
 	Or fly
 	Or sex
 	I'd be happy if I can go to bed half an hour later.
 	The problem is I have to get up at seven and a half.
 	Seven forty say
 	Let's face it להתארן takes ~5 minutes.
 	Later I eat breakfast, and it's another 10 minutes.
 	I can get up ten min each later and eat at work.
 	Or skip breakfast.
 	Or take an energy bar
 	And then I can get up at 7:50
 	And go to bed at 12
 	It's a possibility.
 	I loved
 	What else
 	What else
 	Pretty leave me alone already
 	Get out for a walk.
 	Do what you want.
 	Meditation
 	Just go
 	You may run
 	Maybe run?
 	If you want to run.
 	Put the sweater around your legs and run.
 	What other options do I have?
 	I can go
 	Good
 	What are you telling?
 	What do you have in mind?
 	I feel like it
 	There's nothing in my head.
 	Doesn't excite me anything.
 	What's exciting you?
 	Sex
 	So do sex.
 	But I want to do sex with another women.
 	Like שקורנפקס you can't every day to the same thing.
 	Sometimes you want pita with chocolate.
 	So where do we go from here?
 	Just kind of exciting?
 	Sometimes I have thoughts שמרגשות me.
 	שמסדרות me a little head.
 	What do I do with the flight to Israel?
 	For suppose I think just now because I didn't let my head rest.
 	I can't let my head rest כששירן here.
 	I also can't do it at home coffee.
 	Maybe that's a good reason to go out for a walk.
 	But for a walk I can't go out with a computer.
 	Or is it?
 	I can take a small bag with water and a computer.
 	But then I can't run.
 	You don't have to run.
 	Well it's also an idea.
 	What about the flight?
 	Don't know
 	How do I fix what I wrote here.
 	Is it possible to divide the sentences by subject?
 	The only difference between a man and a woman.
 	He's the size of the cells in the insemination.
 	It also follows the difference. they're the ones that are pregnant.
 	So they need a man stays with them, even for raising a baby.
 	In quest of man is to spread the seed.
 	But all that is irrelevant in the age of the condom, why not enjoy the sex? Just enjoy it... like Man is able to transcend the need for physical reproduction as a monk is able to transcend (temporarily) above the need to בהולדה, the problem is solely in education, my children will learn what lead her to be fun, happiness,
 	So according to the table would be the best to use wrike
 	I'm still debating it
 	Really Wrike looks good.
 	But a few things.
 	Can I use it for work?
 	Can I use it for a project?
 	Can I use it with Shauna?
 	It's Okay I guess to separate tasks for projects.
 	To manage my projects I can or use בגיטלב or בביטבאקט
 	I don't know version free that of Python
 	And then for tasks. can I stay with "tasks" of Apple
 	If I do work בביטבאקט, so too there are two options:
 	Work with הissue tracker, as usual.
 	Or work with jira
 	The JIRA that is not bad at all, he came second place in my notes.
 	Another option was to use trac or build something of my own.
 	All options recent (JIRA Trac or build something alone) force me to pay for server monthly
 	I think you just try to deal with the service's built-in ביטבאקט, and the "tasks" the
 	What the Hughes case.
 	I have a project let's say relocation
 	Inside there are sub-projects.
 	For example to make a credit card (the truth is that it's part of building credit)
 	Need to read a little bit about credit cards (say 5 documents - H)
 	To make a credit card do I have to do comparison of tickets.
 	I need to compare between the cards from my bank (4) tickets to a few sites (say 20)
 	I need to do Axel and choose
 	For life need sunshine air water and soil or other animals.
 	Why should the sun - photosynthesis
 	Why do you need air for oxygen.
 	Why should water - for hydrogen
 	Why should land - for carbon
 	Of the four elements.
 	The water comes from the ocean, in the ocean there is life, even without soil hands down
 	So where did the carbon? Maybe loose, or the beach?
 	The water also evaporates, but in the air there's no carbon, so there's so much life, although there is some carbon
 	The water is evaporated and moved inland, until you encounter the mountain, or get hot enough to condense into precipitation, and dropping.
 	In the mountains there is no life, maybe because there's little oxygen, maybe it's because the soil isn't rich enough?
 	Water concentrate on לגאיות (ולנחלים rivers) and flow back into the ocean. בגאיות בדכ have much of a life because the balance of the elements.
 	Why would a person house animals eat?
 	Being hunted down for him?
 	Is cats were hunting for the man?
 	Why three of these elements?
 	1, 4, 6
 	Order size to the next is proteins carbohydrates and fats
 	Fat it's shell.
 	Protein is the skeleton.
 	והפחמימה is the energy
 	It's a bit like css html and JavaScript
 	Although some important that additional DNA he Information.
 	Water
 	So apparently there's two more elements are important: nitrogen and phosphorus
 	Fat is composed of hydrophilic oxygen and hydrogen and some hydrophobic without oxygen.
 	Part of the hydrophobic sand can also make carbohydrate they rings carbon
 	The protein complex in advance with side dioxide and nitrogen that can connect between them, and the body of carbon with חנקנים, חמצנים and a combination of both or none.
 	The power of carbon is that he connects easily and falling apart easily, which is why he is a skeleton for many molecules.
 	Oxygen loaded negative.
 	Nitrogen charged positive.
 	The fact is that the elements that make up the world are just God metals.
 	I have so much on my mind
 	So many things to do, duct point.
 	I want to buy a love talk
 	Why am I so nervous?
 	Pisses me off ששירן now feel like she's the victim.
 	She comes to Paris, a place that everyone dreams to be and she is suffering every moment.
 	But she says she feels trapped because she doesn't speak the language, and she has no money to have a good time here, and she has my support.
 	But I don't have money for her to enjoy here, and she has no money either to enjoy in the country.
 	But here she has no language.
 	So you stay in the country.
 	But there I won't be.
 	So what can you do?
 	gdp=a0+a1*jewish+a2*resources+e1
 	jewish=b0+b1*gdp+b2*persecutions+e2
 	gdp=a0+a1*(b0+b1*gdp+b2*persecutions+e2)+a2*resources+e1
 	gdp=a0+a1*b0+a1*b1*gdp+a1*b2*persecutions+a1*e2+a2*resources+e1
 	gdp-a1*b1*gdp=a0+a1*b0+a1*b2*persecutions+a1*e2+a2*resources+e1
 	gdp=(a0+a1*b0+a1*b2*persecutions+a1*e2+a2*resources+e1)/(1-a1*b1)
 	Okay
 	So in the beginning was agriculture.
 	This is a corner part of the population, probably the elders, pursuits that are not of existential
 	So what did they do? Invented the painting, from the writing, there maybe a story.
 	These stories joined between cultures.
 	The fact is that all writing comes from the same place.
 	All languages come from the same sources about
 	Probably because there were few centers
 	Each group was better to learn the language of the group holding her (with her she's a dealer, maybe)
 	The Centers started near rivers.
 	Don't know how
 	Abraham came from the Euphrates and Tigris arrived in Canaan and went to Egypt.
 	Really passed between empires.
 	But they were there before.
 	How started?
 	Maybe were hunter-gatherers who used the tool Hound to take over the villages agricultural
 	So for example in the Bible was Abraham Isaac Jacob/Israel, 12 sons of his, who become tribes, and Joseph went down to Egypt.
 	After a few generations, there was Moses, who led the Israelites out of Egypt.
 	It's just families who grew up really, sounds like it
 	My father and family was a sort of ruler.
 	In the Bible the prophet had chosen the King Saul and then David
 	The story unites all who believe in him
 	And then the throne passes between the reactors.
 	I don't know
 	Don't know what to do.
 	There's nothing
 	What do I enjoy doing?
 	I have no idea.
 	I don't feel like anything.
 	I want to be free.
 	But it will probably only another 15 years.
 	I want to have sex with lots of women...
 	Do a bunch of drugs...
 	What I did בסופש?
 	I checked the account.
 	I did some work on the project.
 	I went out for a walk.
 	I saw two documentaries.
 	I had a bath
 	I slept until 11
 	Facebook
 	אימגור
 	I've seen episodes of House of Cards
 	I want to find a coffee shop that I could work him.
 	I want בסופש to work one day and do nothing one day.
 	I'd rather not do anything on Saturday.
 	There is with it some problems.
 	On Saturday everything is open, Sunday closed
 	On Saturday, I'm preoccupied with a lot of things I need to do.
 	I'd like to sit in a coffee shop, but to talk with everyone on Skype from a coffee feel strange
 	We're putting out today:
 	3000 for the apartment.
 	800 on trips
 	400 on food.
 	350 on groceries.
 	300 on entertainment.
 	$ 300 for the look and services
 	200 on transportation.
 	150 health.
 	100 on gifts.
 	It comes down to ל5600 about
 	If we get a 1000 on the apartment, we're cool.
 	Shiran says I need to see the apartment myself.
 	I can go to see some apartments contempt.
 	What besides
 	What do I need to buy an apartment?
 	I'll read the book.
 	But big - time to see apartments, to make an offer, if accepted to do a test, to find finance, to sign
 	Wait have to deal with maintenance ongoing, find tenants, repairs, change jug...
 	So what's the essence?
 	Looking for apartments
 	To offer suggestions
 	Maybe I need more agents to compare it to.
 	Read the book
 	What else?
 	There's the startups and the second rule, and I'm also not sure I'm happy with how I am writing tasks.
 	Test
 	what if the energy or mass are constant, and what is moving is just time and space. instead of something moving from here to there, the space is moving in the opposite direction
 	I don't know what's entertainment?
 	Why do I want entertainment?
 	What is this entertainment?
 	Entertainment - an event or action that provides interest or joy to the audience.
 	Is must be positive, is a sad movie is not entertaining?
 	Does it have to be an audience?
 	Is when I'm playing soccer, I entertained?
 	Could it be one person שמבודר? Of course
 	And that's why I'm looking for entertainment, I'm looking for a feeling
 	I'm looking for interest.
 	I'm looking for happy.
 	What is interesting to me.
 	What makes me happy?
 	Why I saw גוללסטאר?
 	Because it's funny
 	What's funny to me?
 	Why am I laughing?
 	Let's check out posts of 9gag שהצחיקו me.
 	Contact New and surprising that I haven't thought about.
 	Insight
 	But not every new contact or insight, funny,
 	For example if I'm learning something new, I don't respond in jest,
 	Let's say I had an insight about this שבידור linked to feeling positive so I'm looking for it, it didn't make me laugh
 	What is the difference between the discovery שבידור linked to feeling positive undetectable the relationship between 2pac to Chewbacca - 2pacca
 	The second is a link to funny - that is surprising, didn't expect him to, I wasn't looking for it, I react to a surprise.
 	But not everything is surprising, funny, why 2pacca funny?
 	Why find I forgot my wallet's not even funny. it's surprising.
 	Well, actually, it's not funny to me, but yes, it is you who's around me,
 	Because the effect of it on me is negative,
 	But if you haven't had a negative effect, it wasn't that interesting, still I wouldn't laugh
 	Maybe there's gotta be someone if this relationship is affecting him negative so I אושפע positive and laugh.
 	Like for example ש2pac must have been offended from this relationship, or Chewbacca, I'm not sure
 	Or maybe the laughter is out of embarrassment...
 	Meditation in writing.
 	What will you have?
 	Don't know
 	If you had a million dollars, what would you do?
 	Don't know
 	I want a computer to solve problems, algorithmic
 	Right now, it's means to identify useful phrases.,
 	Identify important words
 	To generate code words are important.
 	I think it's related to dbquery
 	But it's more than that.
 	It make the text to Graff.
 	For example:
 	My dog also likes eating sausage.
 	Become:
 	nmod:poss(dog-2, My-1)
 	nsubj(likes-4, dog-2)
 	advmod(likes-4, also-3)
 	root(ROOT-0, likes-4)
 	xcomp(likes-4, eating-5)
 	dobj(eating-5, sausage-6)
 	Dog
 	Mine
 	Likes:
 	Eating
 	Sausage
 	Generally well received by critics, Outliers was considered more personal than Gladwell's other works, and some reviews commented on how much Outliers felt like an autobiography
 	advmod(received-3, Generally-1)
 	advmod(received-3, well-2)
 	advcl(considered-9, received-3)
 	case(critics-5, by-4)
 	nmod(received-3, critics-5)
 	nsubjpass(considered-9, Outliers-7)
 	auxpass(considered-9, was-8)
 	root(ROOT-0, considered-9)
 	advmod(personal-11, more-10)
 	xcomp(considered-9, personal-11)
 	case(works-16, than-12)
 	nmod:poss(works-16, Gladwell-13)
 	case(Gladwell-13, 's-14)
 	amod(works-16, other-15)
 	nmod(personal-11, works-16)
 	cc(considered-9, and-18)
 	det(reviews-20, some-19)
 	nsubj(commented-21, reviews-20)
 	conj(considered-9, commented-21)
 	mark(felt-26, on-22)
 	advmod(much-24, how-23)
 	dep(felt-26, much-24)
 	nsubj(felt-26, Outliers-25)
 	advcl(commented-21, felt-26)
 	case(autobiography-29, like-27)
 	det(autobiography-29, an-28)
 	nmod(felt-26, autobiography-29)
 	Outliers
 	Received
 	Well
 	Generally
 	Considered
 	Personal
 	More than:
 	Works
 	Other
 	Gladwell
 	Comments
 	By
 	Reviews
 	On
 	Feels like
 	Autobiography
 	גדכלחמ
 	The ratio of powers is the speed of light.
 	It's the ratio between the energy - e=mc^2
 	The situation where everyone is selfish (individualism) is not stable from an evolutionary standpoint because it gives find the person who did is being organized and he's not selfish to take over.
 	Nothing can completely disappear when he has the advantage.
 	Really annoying question Do vessels like mine.
 	I have what to do with it?
 	Just go with it, there's no need to do anything.
 	I don't know what kind of laptop to buy
 	The good old, but new with new connections
 	What besides that?
 	Have you הריחוקיישן
 	There's the " the " challenge School.
 	Have you Shiran
 	What would be
 	There was also this bug that was huge in my code
 	That somehow still works.
 	Beyond that he contract has been
 	There are two signals:
 	Change (dopamine)
 	A sign (positive or negative) (אופיואיד)
 	What is this a positive sign? The lack of negative sign
 	Actually we all the time חובים negative sign because our nervous every time shooting, even sitting on a chair, or lie down in bed.
 	As soon as we get Landed of these signs, type of numbness (lack of feeling) we feel "good" is.
 	According to this, when we're sure the bathroom didn't feel anything, are we supposed to feel better מבסקס.
 	Maybe because in the bathtub we just lose feeling in the outer chambers, but not in cells internal.
 	According to this, under general anesthesia we're supposed to feel best.
 	Maybe because the anesthesia we anesthetized also the area that feels (who accepts this input)
 	According to this, if you are numb the whole body and the brain feel the best.
 	Maybe it's because within the brain is the mechanism that works all the time to simulate something negative and he won't stop firing even when the body is dormant.
 	So if we find a way to shut him up we can feel good all the time.
 	Big time. that's what you do opioids, but they create dependency.
 	Maybe dependency is just a function of good feeling over time.
 	Maybe because we have to change all the time.
 	So the mechanism is only negative, why live animals don't commit suicide?
 	Because, apparently, death is painful. All that brings us closer to death, painful to us, and it teaches us apparently painful death.
 	Take all the " so we're trying to minimize the pain in our life.
 	The problem is the mechanism works our, so to minimize pain. we can only create pulses of "happy," the (absence of pain)
 	Sooooo
 	What do you think?
 	I don’t know
 	2 things:
 	Freedom
 	Financial
 	Personal
 	QnA
 	I need to be free
 	Let’s do the zipline thing…
 	Nope
 	Too complicated…
 	Don’t feel it’s worth it…
 	4 years
 	100 paychecks
 	Stanford…
 	House…
 	Startup…
 	I need a hobby
 	But I don’t feel like doing anything…
 	Random words…
 	Bla bla bla
 	I have nothing in my head right now…
 	I’m just bla
 	I’m just living…
 	No passion
 	No nothing to live for…
 	It’s just seeing life going by
 	I mean, if we have AI we might be able to live forever
 	But I don’t know how to do that
 	I just
 	Don't know
 	What else
 	What can you add
 	Tomorrow another week begins
 	One of two hundred
 	Time is left
 	I don't see anything except the freedom
 	I think working in a job to finish with this first.
 	I was working a double if that would bring the freedom, half the time
 	I can maybe do הפליפים those talking about them. במיטאפ
 	It's an option.
 	I can do my degree at Stanford.
 	Don't know what it gives exactly
 	It gives points for degree
 	But instead maybe I can write an article
 	My brain's empty...
 	Lalalalalalalala
 	I just want to do nothing...
 	It's unnecessary what I'm doing now.
 	It's just השענות about the past.
 	Is this meditation?
 	Here's the argument:
 	On the one hand השענות about the past.
 	On the other hand meditation
 	What's right?
 	Why is it השענות the past?
 	Because I'm thinking about what to think.
 	Did I approve this claim?
 	If I wasn't doing this what would I do?
 	Don't know
 	So, basically, it's not meditation
 	Because I think what to do.
 	Can't write in a state of flow?
 	Is now I בפלואו?
 	Probably not because I needed to fix something.
 	Well,
 	I have all day to read one document מהלקרוא
 	Every week to follow הפנדינג, let's say Monday night.
 	We're only processing units
 	Machines with input and output.
 	We can use plants and soil to create agriculture.
 	Use guns and create casualties.
 	Use the words and create knowledge.
 	So, let's say it's a group of monkeys.
 	They can't move.
 	They could use something to produce something.
 	They can eat
 	They can act on things.
 	You can define actions separately.
 	All you need is grammar.
 	There's a subject that can perform an action on an object.
 	Maybe we start with wh
 	What
 	Who
 	How
 	Why
 	When
 	Where
 	How
 	Time and space
 	I want to avoid Facebook והרדיט
 	I go there because it's the most less energy.
 	My brain needs אינפוט to not get bored
 	What אינפוט better on Facebook ורדיט?
 	Facebook בדכ I'm reading about politics and economics
 	Sometimes there are also funny things.
 	ברדיט it's World News.
 	Interesting things
 	Funny things
 	I can look at what I've done Lake.
 	Try and find a way to go straight to the source.
 	The fact is that it's a symptom and not the problem
 	I just don't have אינפוט more interesting.
 	How do you explain Games.
 	Where there is also אאוטפוט and still people prefer the games.
 	Maybe I need to do גיימיפיקציה things that we really want to do
 	What makes something a game?
 	What kind of games I like?
 	Let's say Candy Crush It's addictive.
 	Why?
 	סיביליזציה I really like
 	Why?
 	There's a purpose.
 	There are steps not very complicated, not too simple to reach the target.
 	I want a good place for my notes
 	So how do I represent a book by Graff
 	I'm the creator of Graff than any court.
 	Graff is a relationship between words.
 	There are some graphs that are repeated a lot language.
 	A relationship that's special words
 	Then you can put a relationship between all words which is all האיפורמציה in the world.
 	Just need to add who said what.
 	Although it is not known if this is important, as long as it's true.
 	Maybe do it on all the articles in the world.
 	It's all there needs to be right there, no?
 	And if something doesn't fit, can it be a problem to solve.
 	Interesting to see the distribution
 	I want the Office of my own.
 	But he will need to be able to share with all the others.
 	animals:
 	live
 	move
 	living creature:
 	metabolism
 	reproduction (with mutation)
 	What am I doing with my life.
 	What are the options?
 	Explore deep learning annex is in the field of natural language
 	Find a way to retire at a young age.
 	If I'm saving 50% and 10% on the money I'm retiring in 7 years.
 	I'm doing 7% retiring in 10 years.
 	It's actually not contradictory.
 	I can work on investments with Deep Learning Annex is, and maybe get to hold good.
 	Can I use this for investment real estate
 	I need to focus the money.
 	[ ] Investments to Israel - 12k - call the national call to do a transfer.
 	[ ] ממלאנוקס - 10k - release through esop
 	[ ] Pension fund in the country - find out about tax.
 	[ ] Esperange - 7k - free after getting an answer about profit sharing
 	[ ] Profit sharing - waiting for an answer bong " that kind of
 	[ ] Pension in France - ask Remy
 	[ ] A lawyer "is that the US is" at - 15
 	[ ] ESPP - 10k
 	[ ] Pensions in the US are " at - find out about tax.
 	And invest everything in stocks and the report
 	The fact is that the "what to do" it's just a question.
 	I get bummed out about the agent who just cut me off.
 	I can or go for it with another agent.
 	Or search for real estate else.
 	On the one hand, he deserves compensation for all the time invested in me
 	I can send him a gift card or something.
 	Oh, it's holding me back in like a month or two.
 	So what do I do?
 	I need to take care of בטאבים open
 	Take care of those who have turned to bookmarks
 	I have a lot more things באסאנה
 	I don't even know even if continue to use it.
 	And not even talking about the work I have to do.
 	But it's not for now.
 	Or so.
 	I haven't read מהרשימת reading
 	I always give up on it.
 	There are more things I want to read than I actually read.
 	What a mess
 	There are two things that interest me.
 	Money
 	And learning computational
 	So, what else is there to do?
 	Miles?
 	The main idea:
 	Use tagging naive to get Tag full.
 	For example:
 	The dog went into the other room and started barking.
 	Target:
 	The bone will act to the very nature of description and the active Act.
 	The idea is that you can use tags the closed group (words, connection link, etc.) to label the open group (names, verbs and adjectives...)
 	In the above example that means to get from:
 	The * * * * that * the * and * *
 	Target up.
 	In the first stage, we can notice that after the Appear of names and titles, before to appear בדכ verbs.
 	More peaches " of rim:
 	Dictionary - find words that are not so categorical in terms of part spoke.
 	Morphology:
 	Running looks like this: פיעל, running, admiring...
 	Noun: carnage, slaying, קטלון...
 	Hello
 	I feel like I'm stuck.
 	I'm not advanced in anything full time.
 	Maybe if I use in its issue tracke my life.
 	Why it's not users friendly like this app?
 	Can I use at Git love.
 	But I don't know how it's organized.
 	I want to make what I write according to the topics.
 	To be more organized.
 	I'd like a knowledge tree than I write.
 	How does that help?
 	I don't know, but why else write
 	Write because it's easier to talk with myself like this.
 	When it goes in the real world.
 	What a terrible headache I had yesterday.
 	"Jesus hyperthermia in the face.
 	I don't know how that goes so hard.
 	And why so long after being in the sun.
 	The problem with הישומיי web is that you can't work off lane.
 	Technically, I can transmit from my cell phone, but it would be good if there was an option to use off lane.
 	I want a million dollars.
 	Also, three-quarters enough for me.
 	I have a profit of $ million products
 	Or profit of a thousand dollars on a thousand products.
 	I want to do a simulation of reality.
 	From Statistics to build a model of reality.
 	I want to play with it, like סיביליזציה
 	I want to build software that is like a fractal.
 	Each object is the object from which it inherits with it a change.
 	Human society is a fractal.
 	All the public is in the image of man.
 	All the public has needs, emotions, and ideas.
 	I want to make a program that simulates the tree genetic
 	Every creature inherits the previous one with a mutation.
 	We're just talking monkeys
 	This allows us to work together.
 	That's why a group of 5 more powerful than an animal about
 	That's why we're top of the food chain
 	Even a monkey can use a stick to hunt.
 	But alone will be hard for him
 	Actually I don't know
 	Yeah because one stick isn't enough to kill an animal.
 	And he can run with just one stick
 	But five people.
 	Maybe one who carries and four shooting
 	את זה הרבה יותר קשה לעצור
 	קופים מדברים
 	זה מטורף
 	Hi there are we still going for a meeting at work tomorrow I will probably not get back in the morning I’ll probably have a little time with him tomorrow morning if I have any chance you could do a little more work for us and I will do a good thing about you and you guys can get it done and get it to you I can get you some stuff tomorrow morning and get it done and I get back with work and get it to me I will need you some time and then you go get it done thanks so I will need you to get some stuff out there I can get you to get the rent done thanks so I will do a lot more tomorrow morning and I can get you to the party and get you to get it done and get back with you and I can just get to you go to the store tomorrow thanks
 	אז מה עכשיו?
 	קוונטופיאן
 	מה בא לי?
 	איך ארגיש טוב ביום שני?
 	מה היעד?
 	ממה אני נהנה?
 	I'd like to enjoy from the development of processing language.
 	How do you get into this situation?
 	I need a course like this.
 	Or project at the end, I already know how to develop
 	What else can we do?
 	What came to me?
 	Escape
 	ססעמק
 	Work how you want.
 	So I need to find an apartment.
 	Like house investment.
 	I looked today, about 70 homes.
 	I think the question I chose to look cool.
 	But it's hard to know.
 	Investments
 	Why not invest 90% on the market, and 10% against it
 	Let's say the market goes up each year by x%, and once every 10 year it goes down 50%
 	While the average is 10%
 	(1+x)^9*0.5=1.1^10
 	(1+(x/1.1)^9=2.2
 	x =2.2^(1/9)*1.1-1=~0.2
 	In this case the portfolio earns 0.9*1.2+0.1*0.8=1.16 in the good years, and 0.9*0.5+0.1*2=0.65 in the bad year, instead of 1.2 in the good and 0.5 in the bad
 	I can even make it more stable by investing more against the market. Say I want steady 8%, that means x*1.2+(1-x)*0.8=0.8+0.4*x=1.08 x=0.7
 	Then in the bad year I get 0.7*0.5+0.3*2=0.95, which is not super bad
 	Generally, if the average is 10% then
 	x^9*y=1.1^10
 	9*ln(1+x)+ln(1-y)=10*ln(1.1)
 	9x-y=0.95
 	אז מה אני עושה עם חיי
 	לשים את המחשבות בקופסא
 	So what you want.
 	what would you like to do
 	I'd like to break you hand.
 	And then give you mercy.
 	If I had a million dollars.
 	I was...
 	Don't know
 	I was walking around in the world?
 	What I've done travelling?
 	I went to see beautiful places
 	But honestly I feel that's enough for me. web
 	What is the most beautiful place I've been?
 	הטורוסים
 	And it's the best thing I've done?
 	What's the best thing I've done?
 	Sex
 	Besides
 	Smoke.
 	What experience is most memorable to me for the best?
 	Skydiving?
 	jerusalem post
 	Don't know why I have that word in my head
 	What I enjoy
 	The game retard candy saga
 	Sites reddit and facebook
 	Why?
 	I don't know, the game is challenging ball size.
 	ברדיט and Facebook have nice things.
 	What it's about take all"as
 	The mountains of money he's God today.
 	All man need money today to exist in western society
 	System of government is built like that that the the legislative executive and judge
 	The idea is to perform and visit, like any system feedback in nature.
 	In addition there is the Press that carries out review
 	Is the judiciary really visiting? Can't sue the people who sit in the government, or rather, people are judged according to the rules enacted for the Legislature.I mean it's the enforcement of the law, if someone moved him, the judiciary announces the punishment.
 	It seems to me doesn't make any sense to have so many rules.
 	The press subjected to the money I mean the paper is a private thing and as such it must be profitable in order to exist
 	And the press shapes public opinion on some level.
 	Who shapes the opinion of the man, his family, within the nearest, then friends, educational institutions, the framework of social (scout for example...), place of work, and paper.
 	Where money comes from and where he's going?
 	Nothing
 	LSD
 	I'd like to check it out
 	Even though all it does is cover the area in the brain responsible for self, therefore there is no separation between reality and imagination all that stimuli are perceived, no matter if on the inside (imaginations) or the outside (reality),
 	I'm considering working part-time and more time to mess around in my ideas.
 	I read in the paper פופיולר science, the melting temperature is low, I'd like to examine the feasibility, here's where it all starts, energy source, all of the most wealthy in the world are energy companies, if we can find an alternate source, you have to disrupt the world.
 	Besides talking in the paper for printers three-dimensional, maybe you should also look into that
 	Besides, there was talk about computers Biologics, also a field strong, maybe stronger than he is in the realm of computers, quantum, and perform all options at the same time it's amazing...
 	Interesting how our brain works.
 	It's just the videos I now see.
 	Besides, I want to understand the economy.
 	Besides, I want to do my idea about a recording of all the tap-tap and finding patterns in them.
 	Besides, I have the idea of הreviews
 	I need income normal, and I should do what I love.
 	I don't know what I like, so that's a problem.
 	I need to make income normal and find out what I like.
 	How do I get income normal that allows me to find what I like.
 	I want half a job.
 	What can you do half a job?
 	Teach
 	To study for a degree two
 	Develop apps
 	And what I love
 	I love philosophy, I'm interested in the Brain, Care Company, care of nature
 	Interesting to me to explore, so makes sense I should go the research area, but I don't know if this domain allows the freedom, as I would like, maybe it's better I make my living one way, so I can freely explore
 	Me to invest in
 	I don't know.
 	Grandma really got mad when I said that phrase.
 	It bothered her the"Don't know" I know I don't know, she said.
 	Actually, it really was an interesting conversation with Noa said she can't believe grandmother, because she lied to all sorts of things,
 	Ugh
 	I want to get money and work on what I want.
 	Will I have time if I work parttime, and work on start-up with Jones, looking for what comes to me.
 	If I had all the money in the world, what would I do?
 	I don't really know the truth.
 	אווווווווווווווווווווווווווווווווווווווווווף
 	I have no power.
 	I need to decide what I want to do in life.
 	I have two weeks to decide what college I want to go.
 	And I don't even know if I want to go.
 	I don't know what I want to do.
 	What I בסכהכ, talking monkey.
 	Can I talk with a computer?
 	Not really
 	But why?
 	Maybe it's better to die.
 	Isn't there a choice to do.
 	There is no good and evil.
 	You're just nothing...
 	So, why live?
 	Why would my body want to live?
 	Inertia
 	Because until today just what he wanted to survive survived.
 	Yes?
 	What is that desire?
 	All he did actions that bring לשרידה his survived.
 	More like what he did actions against השרידה his extinct...
 	Idea subjected to the same influence.
 	If an idea brings extinctions are of himself, he won't be there
 	Idea must enter himself.
 	Like that must
 	The idea is that a meme
 	More true meme is an idea.
 	Idea also given to the features of evolution: replication, mutation, and natural selection
 	We are controlled on one hand by our genes and on the other by our ideas
 	What is this idea?
 	This idea, for example democracy, the rule of the people, by the idea that government in the nation should be carried out by the people.
 	It's a way of government favor.
 	Will Shelton is an idea in itself?
 	Yes, there is no obligation to have rule.
 	What is the rule?
 	The management system of the people.
 	System organizer, that determines how people should act.
 	Is system is the idea?
 	System is a noun, meaning: a collection of entities that function together.
 	In the human body's systems, without Was Who Invented that idea.
 	So what is the idea?
 	Does the idea have to be an invention?
 	I suppose I am.
 	Have an invention idea?
 	I guess that terms close.
 	The bulb is an invention, but she sure idea of someone.
 	When she's in the brain is an idea.
 	An idea is a potential invention.
 	Democracy is an invention? Yes, someone invented the democracy,
 	Why computers don't have ideas?
 	Idea rises when there is a target.
 	Computers don't have goals.
 	If set to a PC target, is there going to be him. any ideas?
 	For necessary measures.
 	For the invention of the light bulb, was to mankind the power, the material is conductive, chemical substances as an energy source, the sand (from it was created the glass) preservation empty.
 	If you are a computer a number of measures, and a problem, can he solve it?
 	It might even by way of trial and error.
 	But here I provide the problem.
 	Person problems come naturally
 	What about words, the person can make up words, but the word is not always idea, she can be an arbitrary completely.
 	If so, the idea to introduce a certain order.
 	Whether a computer can understand?
 	What does it mean to understand?
 	What do I know?
 	I understand Hebrew, because I know enough words בעיברית to succeed to understand the meaning of speech daily בעיברית
 	It can be an example to the idea:
 	For example light bulb
 	Is it possible to know the analytic in advance that the passage of electrons in a wire is thin enough, a creature in the stream high enough radiation to"from the range of visible light?
 	Looks like you had to do it by accident, to know.
 	Like most inventions, they were created by mistake.
 	Idea as an algorithm to display search results
 	Whether a computer can get on an algorithm הפייג' rank?
 	Use the amount of links as a measure of the importance of search result
 	Whether a computer can come up with metrics?
 	In fact the index can be any attribute
 	Whether a computer can find features?
 	Feature is actually a factor common to several organs,
 	Whether a computer can find features?
 	Makes me want to die
 	Why all this
 	After all, if it's not for survival, then for what
 	I don't feel the will to live.
 	I also don't feel a desire to die.
 	But I mean if it's the same thing, so why all this?
 	Surely in terms of minimum energy, it seems to me that we are at minimum energy when we die.
 	And yet there's power that pushes us to live.
 	It's weird
 	Like the of sex sounds like a reasonable explanation, we're looking to do a sex, we have an impulse to do sex, to be continued to the gardens. Genes want continuity
 	But what is that continuity really, and why they want it.
 	It's a kind of inertia
 	Is there a law that says that without exerting power, things stay at their current speed
 	I guess that even evolution relies on a kind of inertia, the law of her culture.
 	It's not just inertia, but acceleration, ומולה there is a force called natural selection.
 	But is this minimum energy to be high speed from scratch?
 	It sounds wrong physical
 	Maybe the law does not ambition to a minimum energy, but the track minimum between modes,
 	But what's the final state?
 	How do we know how a mass behave? Or any material? He aims for the minimum energy, I mean women Mass on a slope, is inhale down, because there's a body that attracts it downwards, I mean, there's a body creates a field of potential energy, and the body the other will be at the point minimum it can, while constraints
 	Although in the absence of friction, he probably will perform a movement harmonic around the minimum.
 	Energy is the potential to perform an action
 	Is it possible to teach a computer verbs?
 	I guess I am using the video
 	This is the next step
 	I guess there are words we know without having to teach us.
 	Best words are simple, they are difficult to define, because they are linked to prior knowledge we have of the brain, knew that there was no need to set it up
 	I guess a lot of concepts are abstraction, or generalization of other concepts
 	There are concepts that were long before who defined them, for example energy and power.
 	It's nice that I can write here.
 	Just to work out things so that I can look at them.
 	Problem is, I never look at what I wrote.
 	Actually, I can do that now.
 	It all starts when you believe
 	I mean assumptions fundamental your
 	For example, the premise of capitalism is the Drowned Man is competitive.
 	Therefore, capitalism is the natural method
 	Who believes in it, agrees that he believes in capitalism.
 	But what if we say that this is indeed the natural method, but allowed the man from cattle is media that allows to balance the competitiveness
 	If you hurt laying down the foundation of Might that cause a person to change his faith.
 	Unless he finds the laying of the foundation of a deeper
 	Or to feel betrayed and will look for laying the foundation of a deeper
 	It's weird as it's hard for me not to do nothing than to bullshit.
 	Like a lot easier for me to get input from the outside than to listen to input my inner
 	I have here some kind of minimum energy or something.
 	Because in terms of an energy boost when I'm not doing anything I'm supposed to take less energy than when I'm reading something.
 	Money reserve money printed in the central bank and in the bank vault private
 	You can borrow the amount of money in the ratio of 1:9
 	Money is deposited -
 	8536
 	6984
 	2967
 	18487
 	16231717
 	222724
 	26224552
 	13: 91, 26, = 117 /13 = 9
 	7: 49, 91, 28, 49, = 217 /7 = 31
 	11: 22, 121 = 143 /11 = 13
 	3: 3, 111, = 114 /3 = 38
 	p(x)=a0xn+a1xn-1+...+an
 	b0=a0, bi=bi-1*C+ai
 	c0=b0 ci=ci-1*C+bi
 	cn-1=((b0z+b1)+b2)...)+bn-1
 	=((a0z+a0z+a1)+(a0z+a1)+a2)
 	13 27 51 92 3 22 38 49 77 8
 	73 27 11 92 31 64 28 49 77 15
 	13 3,9 3,17 4,23 3 2,11 2,19 7,7 7,11 2,2,2
 	73 3,9 11 2,2,23 31 2(*5) 2,2,7 7,7 7,11 3,5
 	60 0 -40 0 28 42 -10 0 0 7
 	tri: 8, 8,
 	sq: 9,4,1,2
 	cir: 8,2
 	A . . . . . .
 	B . . . . . _
 	C . . . . _ _
 	D . . . _ _ _
 	E . . _ _ _ _
 	O . _ _ _ _ _
 	J _ _ _ _ _ _
 	R _ _ _ _ _ .
 	S _ _ _ _ . .
 	The mechanism of injecting random:
 	* Reads the files configurations.
 	* Order at random according to importance.
 	The mechanism of running:
 	* Running order the running
 	The mechanism of data entry:
 	* Following the injection and לDB
 	Mechanism for collecting results.
 	* At the point in time collected Files script (file automatic written after running) ונאספים of them. Data: time, running, success, error, and written לDB
 	The situation of whether it is president or not President.
 	I said it was fifty fifty if I'm right or not, it's the president or not.
 	Although most chances are that he doesn't look like the president.
 	Then he said that 30 percent resemblance to the president.
 	And then I told him that 30% imagination say 70% difference
 	The situation of the Ashkenazi in front of Arabic
 	... 
 	There was another point where I noticed that there is one option reasonable, and if you don't is the option ההמנוגדת reasonable
 	The situation of gay
 	There's a connection here between the number of cases.
 	Most people are either gay or straight, there are few things of me.
 	And I asked why it is not continuous as in the distribution normal.
 	Following one of the situations, I realized it might be due to the existence of two parties with a correlation negative.
 	In the case of gays it is possible that the two variables are orientation, sexual and gender
 	They got a correlation, I mean mostly male. he's straight, but these are the two independent variables
 	Question current is there that disproves the law of the border the main change divided the same, dividing בסיכומם normal distribution...
 	It also raises a question that could be should be or a selfish (capitalist) or a social worker (a communist) but not in the middle?
 	Situation I asked about the status of the understanding of gestalt
 	1 2 3 4
 	2 4 3 1
 	1 2 3 4 5 6
 	2 4 5 3 6 1
 	1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
 	8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
 	000:1
 	001:0
 	010:0
 	011:0
 	100:1
 	101:1
 	110:1
 	111:0
 	So that's how
 	Level needs of Maslow: I need money for material things. I can produce them myself, but it's less effective.
 	Besides exhausting myself.
 	Do what comes to me.
 	How do I get to the point where I was making money in a way which requires me to a minimum
 	Or, better
 	How do I make money from the extraction to my self-esteem
 	I don't know exactly what the extraction my self
 	Words the most common (more like Nouns) in this text Are: idea, Energy, Computer and money.
 	What keeps me busy?
 	Money as part of the needs my physical
 	Ideas as part of having the"spiritual"(?) My
 	Division between genes לממים
 	דוקינגס made a separation between the two.
 	But it seems to me that it works under the rules of evolution: culture, mutation and natural selection, having an evolutionary process.
 	This reminds me of הגיף of lightning I saw today or yesterday.
 	Lightning sends as metastases of plasma like a tree, until it finds the shortest route potential low (or against me), and then current flows.
 	What's sitting on my head?
 	It seems to me too much
 	I have to empty it a little maybe
 	I'm all the time playing this game.
 	Maybe to get away from day.
 	What am I running from?
 	All the decisions?
 	What kind of decisions?
 	I don't have to decide too much right now.
 	I'm afraid of having kids, and Shauna nervous about it.
 	I want to decide what to do in my life.
 	I want to get an idea, no girlfriend, no money, as long as I have enough to survive I'm fine, 5th is fine with me.
 	Okay so like this:
 	Brain is the most primitive I guess I just had to connect the eye, and muscle, he saw nothing he wanted, turned there and walked towards
 	Such a thing can happen even in the framework of a cell, with Wolf dork or flagella, like sperm cells, they do not have a brain.
 	But when it comes to the number of cells, need to link between them
 	Cells שמוכוונים movement, there are cells שמוכוונים feel
 	So the model, the most primitive that I can think of a brain, all he does is convert the input of the output of muscle movement (movement directed for a walk, and maybe a sequence of movements (by operating והרפייה) For A Walk (Of course, this isn't about walking out of than swimming))
 	Is there more to it? Is that how I can explain to a monkey?
 	Just input and output?
 	What about memory?
 	Okay if comes a sense say of hungry, it can move the body towards the food, just the knowledge that once the thing brought me food.
 	Because I think about hunger, and then I think about where I remember it was food, then I'm doing actions to get to where I remember it.
 	But exactly how hunger reminds? Because hunger attached to the evidence of the food where it was before, and so he makes the body to imagine her again as he saw קודםהתחושה stomach connects to the sensation vision and causes the body to imagine he sees the food.
 	Did he really see the food? Could she truly be projected back to the eyes the food?
 	What about sex?
 	Longer needed, how do I know what to eat and what to fuck?
 	A connection that is congenital or acquired? What about learning really?
 	Learning can be the creation of a connection, just like I wrote about the hunger, and the link is visible.
 	About sex, my desire to get closer to the object of sex can be the same as that of food, but Braga sacrifice that provides, according to another sense might be to distinguish between the two, the object is kind of drag chain different actions of the muscles.
 	What's with the speech? Speech links between the animals, as the human brain connects between cells.
 	Money:
 	To get some I put in the investment, I need שהמכפלה between the amount of years of savings to yield the annual to be⅔, about.
 	So, for a yield of 6% I need something like 11 years ago, on a yield of 6.5% enough 10 years to be free.
 	How to do a return like that?
 	Any way that's possible.
 	I need to take all investment options according to the model conservative, and check them back, do you really can't fall much.
 	Of course you can always fall, the question of what are the odds, do you really know what are the chances? Not sure, but needs a bit of explore to know.
 	Okay so if I want to learn to invest, how do I do that?
 	Basically to get a degree in economics I need to learn macro, micro, game theory, ואקונומטריקה
 	Sketch:
 	maybe singularity is already here?
 	Maybe the Singularity is already here, very soon.
 	maybe from now, time will start going backwards
 	Can be now time to start walking back.
 	maybe from the time we're living
 	The time we live.
 	from ten years from now
 	In another ten years.
 	Two years
 	maybe a month
 	A month
 	maybe what we've just discovered is the reason why time would be over
 	we'll reach singularity
 	Could be there now, we found out that the reason the time is over, we get לסינגולריות
 	and then rules of nature will reverse
 	Then the laws of nature will be inverted
 	in a random manner
 	Arbitrarily like
 	and in the second I finish this sentence time will start going backwa
 	And as soon as we finish this trial time will begin to go to a meadow.
 	Began to go my mucus time this Court chamber םייסנש עגרבו...
 	maybe singularity is already here?
 	maybe from now, time will start going backwards
 	maybe from the time we're living
 	from ten years from now
 	maybe a month
 	maybe what we've just discovered is the reason why time would be over
 	we'll reach singularity
 	and then rules of nature will reverse
 	in a random manner
 	and in the second I finish this sentence time will start going backwa
 	awkcab gniog trats lliw emit ecnetnes siht hsinif i dnoces eht ni dna
 	כשכולם נובחים סימן שאתה מתקדם
 	כשרק חלק נובחים, כנראה שאתה עושה פנייה
 	אנחנו מפחדים?
 	Why can't we just trust that, if we give them citizenship (don't know which is better) we will deal with the situation?
 	Actually, I think that if there are Israelis so we don't deal because this is a democracy
 	But if we give them Palestinian citizenship? What will happen? They're gonna try what? To conquer us? What if they try? Succeed? Just give us an excuse to go back to the most power.
 	20 bananas, can carry 10 bananas.
 	1 meter: take 10, going feet, there 8, back yards, taking ten, going feet 9 - take all"about 17
 	2 meters: takes 10, going 2 meters, there 6, Back 2 meters, taking the 10, two meters, there 8 - take all"to approximately 14
 	Takes 10, going feet, there 8, back yards, takes 10, going two meters, there 7, back yards, taking 8, going feet there 7 - take all"to approximately 14
 	Takes 10, going 1, There 8, back 1, Take 10, going 1, Take 1, going 1, There 8, back 1, Take 7, going 1, There 8 - take all 16
 	3 meter: take 10, go 3 feet, there 4, back 3 meters, takes 10, going 3 metres, where a 7 - סכהכ 11
 	Takes 10,
 	4 feet: takes 10, going 2, There 6, Back 2, take 10, going 2, Take 2, going 2, There 6, Back 2, Take 4, going to 2, There 2 - take all"8
 	Takes 10, going 2, There 6, Back 2, take 10, GO 4, There 4, Back 2, Take 6, going 2, There 4 - סכהכ 8
 	8 bananas, can carry 4
 	1 meter:
 	250 * 5
 	250 * 3
 	500 * 1
 	200*5
 	333*3
 	467*1
 	Two people: the truth and a lie.
 	He was saying you're telling the truth?
 	You're telling the truth?
 	Two people: real and random
 	Three people: true false and random
 	Is he Random?
 	Is he Random?
 	Money
 	Brain
 	a=n/m
 	n>m>0
 	f(a)=a
 	f(x+)>=f(x)+f(in)
 	f(x+x)>=f(x)+f(x)
 	f(2x)>=2f(x)
 	f(x+1)>=f(x)+f(1)>=f(x)+1
 	f(2)>=f(1+1)>=f(1)+f(1)>=2
 	f(p)>=p
 	f(2a)=f(a+a)>=f(a)+f(a)=2f(a)=2a
 	f(3a)=f(2a+a)>=f(2a)+f(a)>=f(a)+f(a)+f(a)=3a
 	f(4a)>=4a
 	(1) : f(if)=f(n)>=if=n
 	f(nm)=f(n^2)>=nif=n^2
 	f(x)f(in)>=f(xi)
 	f(x)^2=f(x)f(x)>=f(x^2)
 	f(x)f(1)>=f(x)
 	f(1)>=1
 	f(x)f(2)>=2f(x)
 	a*f(1)=f(a)f(1)>=f(a)=a
 	a^2=f(a)f(a)>=f (*)=f(a^2)
 	a^3=f(a)f(a)^2>=f(a)f(a^2)>=f(a*^2)=f(a^3)
 	n^2=m^2*f(a)f(a)>=m^2*f(a^2)
 	a*f(m)=f(a)f(m)>=f(m*)=f(n)>=if (1)
 	(2) : f(m)>=m
 	a*f(1/n)=f(a)f(1/n)>=f(a*1/n)=f(m)>=m (2)
 	f(n)^2=f(n)*f(n)>=f(n^2)>=n^2
 	נניח a=2
 	f(2)=2
 	2f(x)=f(x)*f(2)>=f(2x)
 	f(x+x)=f(2x)>=f(x)+f(x)=2*f(x)
 	=> 2f(x)=f(2x)
 	(1) f(x)f(in)>=f(xi)
 	(2) f(x+)>=f(x)+f(in)
 	(3) f(a)=a
 	(4) f(x)^2>=f(x^2) (1)
 	(5) f(x)^p>=f(x^p) induction of 4
 	(6) f(2x)>=2f(x) (2)
 	(7) f(px)>=pf(x) induction of 6
 	(8) f(x/)>=f(x)/f () (1)
 	(9) f(1)>=1 (8)
 	(10) f(p)>=p (7)+(9)
 	(11) f(x)-f(a)>=f(x -) (2)
 	(16) f(x)/p>=f(x/p) (7)
 	a/p=f(a)/p>=f(a/p)
 	a=n/m
 	n>m>0
 	1/m=a/n>=f (/n)=f(1/m)
 	f(1/a)>=f(1)/f(a)>=1/
 	(f(x+1)-f(x))>=f(1)>=1
 	(f(x+a)-f(x))/>=f(a)/a=1
 	f(x)>=f(ax)/a
 	x,y,z
 	x,y,z,w
 	1,2,5,9
 	5,43,108,109
 	x,y,z,w,v
 	5,9,16,109,110
 	64,45,24,50,61
 	What does it mean to know something?
 	What that means I know kung-fu?
 	I know all the moves
 	I can use anything to fulfill his purpose.
 	Also without knowing completely you can use
 	Is there any way of knowing the absolute?
 	I have know more and know less.
 	What's the difference between knowing and understanding? I can know and not understand? I know the sun sets, but don't understand exactly what's going on there.
 	What's the difference between knowing and remembering?
 	What can you know? Information
 	What is this information?
 	I want to understand how the brain works, because I want to model it artificially.
 	I want to create a positronic brain.
 	Knowledge, information, data
 	Understanding כגשטאלט, when all of a sudden it all connects.
 	Hebrew
 	Quantum theory
 	There's someone
 	Is there a light out there.
 	To know in Hebrew: to be able to use Hebrew for the purpose the name she exists.
 	Maybe it is impossible to know the Torah, we can understand, or maybe it's not a problem to know.
 	To be able to use the name, to his cause.
 	To be able to answer the question.
 	What is it to understand
 	Quantum theory
 	Someone
 	The rules
 	Hebrew
 	To know what is the reason for the behavior of quantum
 	Knowing the reason for his behavior.
 	To meet the rules.
 	To know what the meaning of the elements of Hebrew
 	N=2:
 	A B
 	N=3:
 	A B,C
 	N=4:
 	A B,C,D  A>B+C
 	A,D B,C  A<B+C
 	N=5:
 	A B,C,D,E A>B+C+D
 	A,E B,C,D  A>B+C+D-E/2
 	A,OF B,C,A+D>B+C
 	10,5 6,5,4
 	9,5; 7,6,4
 	A,D,B,C+D>B+C-IN/2
 	9,5,4 8,7
 	A,C B,D,A+C>B+D
 	9,7 8,6,3
 	A,B C,D,IN
 	9,8 7,6,4 A+B>=C+D+
 	N=6
 	THE B,C,D,IN,F
 	A,F B,C,D,IN,F
 	A,B,C,D,F
 	TO,IN,F B,C,D
 	A,OF B,C,IN,F
 	A,D,F B,C,IN
 	A,D,B,C,F
 	TO,OF,IN,F B,C
 	A,C B,D,A,F
 	A,C,F B,D,
 	A,B C,D,E,F
 	A,B,F C,D,E
 	N=7
 	A
 	A,G
 	A,F
 	A,F,G
 	A,E
 	A,E,G
 	A,E,F
 	A,E,F,G
 	A,D
 	A,D,G
 	A,D,F
 	A,D,F,G
 	A,D,E
 	A,D,E,G B,C,F
 	A,D,E,F
 	A,D,E,F,G
 	A,C
 	A,C,G
 	A,C,F
 	A,C,F,G
 	A,C,E
 	A,C,E,G
 	Issues in the news:
 	The Syrian government against the rebels.
 	Areas - riots.
 	Construction in the settlements
 	What I'm spending money:
 	Rent: 3000ש
 	Ports: 800ש
 	Food: 600ש
 	Accounts: 200ש
 	Transportation: 150ש
 	Communication: 100ש
 	Clothing: 50ש
 	Medicine:50ש
 	1.4 K*7B=10T
 	Time:
 	Job: 8ש
 	Bedroom organizing:8ש
 	Food:1ש
 	Transportation:1ש
 	Services shower:1ש
 	Arrangements:1ש
 	Leisure:4ש
 	Life:
 	Birth
 	Care+garden:6ש
 	School+Division+High:12ש
 	(Military:3ש)
 	The year-intermediate:1ש
 	Education-high:4ש
 	Wedding
 	Job:40ש
 	Children
 	Pension:25ש
 	Death
 	Culture:
 	Technology:
 	Agriculture
 	Communication
 	Transportation
 	Industry
 	Energy
 	Raw materials
 	Natural resources
 	Chemicals
 	Need industrial
 	Construction
 	Products
 	Defense (military)
 	Electronics
 	Engineering
 	Transport
 	Support
 	Services
 	Private consumption
 	Products
 	Transportation
 	Food
 	Agriculture
 	Food products
 	Tobin
 	Household
 	Leisure
 	Products personal
 	Clothing
 	Accessories
 	Tobacco products
 	Health
 	Services
 	Retail
 	Communication (media)
 	Resort
 	Infrastructure - electricity, water and gas.
 	Finance
 	Banking
 	Real estate
 	Insurance
 	Services
 	Funds
 	Hi-tech
 	Hardware
 	Software
 	Education
 	Information
 	Construction
 	Medicine
 	Religion
 	Shelton
 	Law
 	Trial
 	Administration
 	Except
 	Security
 	Foreign Relations
 	An increase in
 	Economics
 	Treasure
 	Trading
 	Industry
 	Transportation
 	Construction
 	Agriculture
 	Environment
 	Energy and water
 	Environmental Protection
 	Face
 	Education
 	Culture and sports
 	Health
 	Sentences
 	Homeland Security
 	Welfare
 	Communication
 	Tourism
 	Religion
 	Knowledge
 	General
 	Geography
 	History
 	People
 	Myself
 	Personal life.
 	People
 	Health
 	Self treatment
 	Medical science
 	Philosophy
 	Religion
 	Science
 	Science accurate.
 	Natural Sciences
 	Social Sciences
 	Technology
 	Science applications
 	Sports
 	Information
 	Communication
 	Agriculture
 	Industry
 	Building
 	Mining
 	Hi-tech
 	Energy
 	Engineering
 	Chemical
 	Biological
 	Machines
 	Electricity
 	Civil
 	Financial
 	Industry
 	Materials
 	Computers
 	Systems
 	Fire
 	Forensics
 	Medicine
 	Army
 	Environment
 	Transportation
 	Airport
 	Culture
 	Literature
 	Art
 	Entertainment
 	Communication
 	Academy
 	Humane
 	History
 	Linguistics
 	Literature
 	Art Stage.
 	Philosophy
 	Religion
 	Art visual
 	Social Sciences
 	Anthropology
 	Archaeology
 	Studies regional area studies
 	Cultural studies
 	Economics
 	Studies gender
 	Geography
 	Political science
 	Psychology
 	Social Sciences
 	Natural Sciences
 	Space
 	Earth
 	Life sciences
 	Chemistry
 	Physics
 	Science accurate.
 	Computers
 	Logic
 	Math.
 	Probability
 	Science Systems
 	Science applications
 	Agriculture
 	Architecture and design
 	Business
 	Theology
 	Education
 	Engineering
 	Environmental Science
 	Sciences family and consumer protections
 	Medicine
 	Communication
 	Performance physical
 	Trial
 	Science information.
 	Scientific Army.
 	Management public
 	Social work
 	Transportation
 	Technology
 	Science applications
 	Agriculture
 	Environment
 	Education
 	Information
 	Communication
 	Industry
 	Army
 	House
 	Engineering
 	Health
 	Transportation
 	Rule - of- body המסנכרן between the elements (people)
 	Industry body the producer the necessary tools for existence
 	Knowledge - the totality of the information (connections between symbols and their meanings) have in their possession culture.
 	Technology - the conversion of knowledge for the industry.
 	Questions wh
 	what
 	where - what place
 	when - what time
 	who - what person
 	how - what way
 	why - what reason
 	which - what option
 	I thought about it, if being gay is genetic, then it is supposed I guess to be a secessionist Gaussian for each axis orientation, the problem is that back then everyone was supposed to be a lot more people that they both are attracted to little boys and little girls,
 	But it seems to me שבאוכלובסיה she's not exactly like that, it has something like 90% straight, 10% gay, and what's between them, almost nothing.
 	And then I realized it could be a situation where distribution is Gaussian and the distribution of Gaussian won't let distribution is Gaussian, for example in the next, if there is distribution of Gaussian attraction to men והתפלגות Gaussian to the withdrawal of women, and separate, and the adapter between them is reversed, so really the majority will be in one of the ends and in the middle.
 	But then there's something's strange here, is that the amount of גאוסים supposed to be a secessionist Gaussian...
 	That's true in large numbers, but still
 	Okay so Joules it pounds Times feet per second squared, I mean speed squared, meaning that this energy has to weight pounds when he is moving at a speed of meters per second, which is 3.6 miles per hour.
 	That means that technically with קילוקלוריה one I have a 4200 Joule I mean I can move four tons to the speed of 3.6 miles per hour.
 	So with a thousand calories.... I have 4.2 M in Joule I can move 42 tons at a speed of 36 miles per hour.
 	Okay, you can think in steps, because steps each step needs to push a body of 80 pounds at a speed of 3.5 kph, so a few steps. technically you can go to burn 1000 calories?
 	Each step is 80 joules, after 52 steps, I have a calorie, I mean 100 meters, calorie, with 1000 calories, I could walk 100 miles without spending, there's a lot going to other organs.
 	In terms of fire, I burn 240 calories in an hour walking, let's say I'm going 3.5 miles at this time , that means 35 times a hundred meters, 35 calories were אמוריות disappear on movement, probably as a result of מבזבוזים different, I've wasted another 200, in a static position, prone position, and watching on TV, burn 70 calories, there are still כ130 a waste of, presumably for heating the air and the ground, yet effectiveness is very high, the ratio is of about one tenth
 	Cycling (total"total weight let's say around 80 kg) speed 36 mph measured 80*100 8 kilo Joules, which is two calories, but the consumption of 1200 calories for an hour, I mean 20 minute, and one-third for a second, all pedaling one-third calorie
 	With kWh one is 3.6 M Joules, with Kutsch's one I can move 36 tons at a speed of 36 miles per hour (10 mm), it's unbelievable, it's a lot of energy, it's an air conditioner that runs an hour, it's a TV or shot open in 10 hours, the electric car can move 7 miles, say, at 70 kph we get the tenth hour, six minutes, then at 10 kWh
 	So to lift 3.6 tonnes at a speed of 36 miles per hour (10 mm) I need a tenth הקוט, and for double speed, I'd need four times, I mean 4 tenths, it means שהנצילות less good because it's a few hundredths of a
 	About 860 calories, that's a kWh one.
 	Leader
 	An army: to build, to control
 	Education: to build institutions.
 	Sentence: to build institutions.
 	Culture: to build institutions.
 	Natural Resources: mining.
 	Transportation
 	Resources:
 	Raw materials:
 	Stone construction
 	Metal
 	Work:
 	Farmers
 	Industry personnel
 	Artists
 	Court people
 	Educators
 	White man 0.1 horse power, i.e. 75 watt, or 75 joules per second. Every second they are able to move 75 pounds speed meters per second, or 3.6 miles per hour.
 	Horse 1 horse power, I mean he is able to move 750 pounds speed meters per second, or to the speed of 20 miles per hour or 6מ\Q, with a weight of 20 pounds, with 100 pounds, they'll be satisfied with the speed of Root 7.5 I mean about 2.7 mm or about 10 miles per hour.
 	Board game:
 	Players
 	Board
 	Soldiers
 	The beginning of the game:
 	Every player has soldiers at all she is on the board.
 	Play the game:
 	Each player in turn can move your soldier as possible steps for him, or to attack the enemy if he's in range.
 	There just can't be a rock that can't be lifted.
 	Even an ant can lift a rock at any size given it's in a small enough force field.
 	I write a lot
 	But don't read
 	How do I make it readable?
 	The impression just what's important.
 	Delete what is not important
 	I have 2000000 dollars to live for 5000 easy all my life, plus 5000 to a child in thirty years
 	If I'm counting on to live until 120
 	Why because I have a 120 year 5000
 	5000 is 60000 a year, twice the 120 it 7,200,000 shekels about $ 2 million.
 	But let's face it, if I'm working on 10000 shekels for 30 years and retire, then over I earned everything I have, which is 120 * 30 it's only 3.6 million that
 	In a pension plan that is working to put every month 5%
 	The employer adds 5% and 8.33% by a little.
 	Then I get in the end 50% of income for good.
 	It means that I get at the end of 18.33% * 30 =~ 512% then her brother than 50% for much more than ten years.
 	30.
 	I can in theory make twice as much and then go out at 45.
 	But then I have to pay for the ages of 45 - 60
 	Another fifty percent, that means a million and a half dollars.
 	Actually no.
 	Can I just leave the rest of the money aside and pay for myself at the age of 45
 	Then you only need 20% of discharges
 	The fact is, anyway need them.
 	I want to work at something that interests me this time.
 	So why not a natural language, if it's anyway interesting?
 	A Million Dollars, How to make a million dollars?
 	A million people will buy something from me for a dollar.
 	So what did we have?
 	How do you continue?
 	What do you want to do?
 	Just write Don't think.
 	What comes to your mind.
 	How do I become a bachelor?
 	Why?
 	I don't want monogamy.
 	Or I don't want monogamy with her?
 	Big time. I don't think I want monogamy.
 	But also specifically with her.
 	I've been less attracted to her.
 	No what to do.
 	Really bother my stomach...
 	But don't feel I can talk to about it.
 	I don't know what to do.
 	So there's not much to do in the meantime
 	I can sit with her conversation.
 	But I also don't want to hurt her.
 	But I also don't want to hurt me.
 	In the meantime, my way is to go to a strip club?
 	Don't know
 	What are the options?
 	Stay with her and go to a strip club.
 	Break up with her and go to a strip club.
 	Say goodbye and look for someone else.
 	Stay and look for someone else.
 	She's already an adult, then it's a problem to leave I guess...
 	Biological clock
 	I'm really at a loss.
 	So in the meantime flows.
 	But that's the way I'm just leading her deeper and deeper.
 	What to bring children without love?
 	Don't know
 	What better
 	I don't want to hurt her.
 	Like even if I was alone, what was I doing?
 	I was looking for someone else?
 	Who?
 	It's not like it's going on alone these things.
 	Need active to start with girls.
 	But it just happens again the same thing.
 	As it was with Adi, after ten years I'm kind of in the same spot.
 	Yeah, I was out of the way, but it's actually over the same thing.
 	So I can to enjoy the strip clubs
 	Does it harm a child?
 	I think if my parents were splitting up it was really bothering me.
 	The question if it would make me a person less good.
 	Like it's on the one hand, some explain Il.
 	On the other hand, Berger is one of the best people I know.
 	Long story short, I don't think שלגירושים really have an adverse effect on the child's life...
 	What will be will be I guess
 	What can I do
 	What else?
 	So, what do you want to go to strip clubs?
 	Well, it's not really sex.
 	I'm not really conquer the girl.
 	It was an experience kinda weird.
 	I was really happy if I make her cum, stripper
 	I guess I can
 	But it's hard to know.
 	So what's the point to go to strip clubs to get them to finish and then what?
 	Is me this is fun?
 	What's missing?
 	Occupation?
 	Did you make her cum it's not enough Conquest?
 	What part of conquest too?
 	Is it soothing you horny?
 	I don't know.
 	I think I was horny when I got back.
 	And it's only after the sex went down on me.
 	But not sold on it.
 	Like it's pretty true.
 	I think I'm less horny now מכשהגעתי
 	So, it's actually not that relaxing the horny
 	I guess if I was going all the way, so it's דפיניטלי was reassuring me.
 	Because then what's the difference between sex with a woman?
 	But that's really cheating on
 	And that is problematic
 	The question What is better
 	To cheat and stay.
 	Or go to?
 	Or stay loyal and suffer
 	I guess it's better not to suffer...
 	But then I'm causing suffering to the other side...
 	The law of conservation of suffering.
 	What's the solution?
 	How to minimize the suffering of both sides?
 	It seems to me that the option of cheating is the least suffering.
 	As long as she doesn't know and I am happy with it.
 	It's a hard thing
 	What else?
 	Don't know
 	I'm pretty on it most of the time.
 	It, and economic independence
 	Four more two by name.
 	Five years without him.
 	Just
 	He's always there.
 	Should always be
 	I get 50 grand
 	Another year I'm on 240
 	Two years on 320
 	Three for 400
 	Four on 500.
 	More like four and some months.
 	And then what?
 	Freedom
 	Looks like
 	So what's the plan?
 	There is no plan
 	Flow
 	Flow?
 	Is it good?
 	It's hard to say.
 	Maybe it's better goals objectives programs
 	To get far.
 	But where I want to go to?
 	I want to enjoy out of the way.
 	Don't know where to get...
 	What can I do?
 	Right now I'm putting aside 13 בespp 13 ב401k and what else? And 13 in bonuses or rsu, that brings me to 40
 	I'm supposed to put aside another ten to pay.
 	But it's not happening because I'm the only one who pays rent.
 	So rsu 10 percent of salary and the employer there. another 15% of this is creating 11.5%
 	Am I supposed to get a third
 	ב401k I'm there 9% and the employer there how? What percent from 6 percent, I think it's supposed to Metz but don't know about that
 	2 until five years ago, he gives 75% of the 6% that comes out to 4.5%, get them on the " about 13.5%
 	The RSU 20 a year or so, maybe a bit more by the bonuses, but after tax that's like 13 Grand, which is less than 13%
 	The truth is that less than 10%, if I get 20 rsu and 130 salary, get them on the " about 150, the 13 is about 8.6%
 	Take all the " so we're up to-11.5+13.5+8.5=33.5% which is exactly the term.
 	It's weird
 	Because according to plan I should also put out another thousand
 	So something is not right.
 	12 Grand is 8%
 	Maybe it's because I don't consider the 15% and המץ " is when a computer salary
 	This brings her to me in 1.5% for הespp and 4.5% for ה401k,
 	So how's it coming out?
 	That's another 6%
 	So a third of 106%, it's 35%, it's still weird.
 	I'd expect it to be me 4 grand to get a month.
 	Now I'm getting about 5
 	I get 5.2 for about a month.
 	Actually, I'm getting 2.65 every two weeks.
 	And there are 52 weeks in a year, or 26 pairs.
 	That comes out to 69
 	After all the downloads, and taxes.
 	I put 10% מהברוטו in the espp
 	I put 9% מהברוטו in 401k
 	Gross is supposed to be 128
 	That means another 24
 	Get them on the " about 69+24=93
 	The bonus is 20 more
 	But went from something like 7
 	It says 93+13=106
 	Besides, there is also the 1.5+4.5=6% מהespp a 401k מהברוטו it is 128 that means another 8
 	Get them on the " about 114 after tax
 	So here in a grand a month.
 	That means that the taxes don't really come to a third
 	But 44 let's say from something like 150, like 30%.
 	And I have another 8 from the employer
 	Anyway, I can work until the age of 40.
 	To get to something like 5 month, but the 1 extra save
 	So 1 more doesn't really help
 	2 a little better, actually 2 is enough.
 	With 2 on the side I could be a millionaire by 50
 	Myself.
 	And that's supposed to happen a little after the age of 40, so it should be something like 720 thousand.
 	ב480 I big can retire.
 	But in a 240, do a difference.
 	Because they are gaining themselves interest.
 	As it looks now the end of 2024 I quit.
 	Cool I have a plan.
 	What else?
 	Why am I even trying to find ways to do more than that?
 	Because if I get to 20% I can retire in a year.
 	Or in two years if I want a 6
 	Besides, it's machine learning
 	That's what interests me.
 	So why not bots?
 	You can also bots.
 	But these things take more time.
 	I want to exhaust my options with investments.
 	Giving myself another month let's say?
 	But what are the options?
 	It's not that impossible to get all the information.
 	It's really slow.
 	I have to pick out important data
 	I can look at what Ben Graham look at...
 	To see how much he was earning, according to his strategy in the last ten years
 	See if there's any model that can get more than that.
 	So what last chance?
 	Cool
 	If I can't do a hierarchy of tasks בגיטלב
 	I can ליצו project from a task who falls apart
 	But even there there is no hierarchy
 	I can use tags
 	But even there there is no hierarchy
 	I can לרפרנס every mission to her children and vice versa.
 	I can add the feature " the " R לגיטלב but I don't really know Ruby.
 	Another problem is that it doesn't work off lane.
 	Big time. it should not be too much a problem.
 	But let's face it, it happens too many times.
 	I can create an app שמממשת the הAPI of גיטלב Plus has internal memory to allow operations off lane.
 	But I don't really know Swift.
 	I don't feel the desire to learn
 	I want to learn but afraid that I want to do this not for myself but for the culture, because I'm actually a little screw in it, and it forces me to go her way.
 	Come on what comes to mind today I was sitting in final days like a zombie, yesterday I read a whole book, and the book is not easy, on the why because it interested me, I had a question I wanted to answer it, or that the concept of the Selfish Gene explained to me many things. mostly I remember that interested me about memes, why because I'm trying to figure out what attracts in learning what distinguishes all of us from the rest and in my opinion the answer to this is the concept of "Idea" , the idea or maybe concept, is the idea of what is unattainable, I got him and now he is in my head or at least have a representation of his in my head. How did they get onto the idea of evolution if you still don't know exactly what is life, how do you know physics if no one has any clear idea of what it's material, that's the idea as soon as you have an idea in your head you can explore it for the same components, but why break the goal is not to build? It's an arrangement, that's the idea of order to say that consciousness is the ability to organize things decrease entropy, where it came from the concept of number, this is a common feature of very general, there once were people with a lot of sheep, and they wanted to know who has more sheep, I mean, I think this example better is the amount of people if they are three and two of us have a better chance of overpower us, maybe from there came the idea of the number or if we raised so much grain and all one need to so-and-so, so the grain will do that, and time, the number of is the inclusion of the amount. She idea to himself some tribes have no idea of my heart one, two, and a lot of, and that's their math, with it's more than two, that's a lot of, the law of logic that she herself חוקרהת truths of notifications about the concepts as soon as you try to put a rule in order to do this, you can check the same by discounts their establishment, they actually don't make assumptions established but concepts
 	I need something like tasks to record tasks
 	But it bothers me that it's not hierarchical
 	I can do the day that